The forest was quiet, as usual. What else would you expect from a forest? Loud noises and lots of people?
Hell no.
Not only quiet, but dark and practically empty, all the residents tucked away and asleep for the night. The breeze was gentle, only rustling the leaves slightly and adding to the relaxing atmosphere along with the chirping of Kricketune, the moon high in the sky and bathing the forest in its soft pale light. This was just the time of night he liked. Lucario found it very relaxing to just walk around the forest in this atmosphere, no one bothering him just him and his Aura powers which he trained extensively.
"Concentrate…concentrate…the Aura is with me…" He repeated in his mind. It was almost a ritual, a daily, even an hourly ritual to hone his control over the Aura and improve it as much as he could. Like all Lucario, he developed a consistent fear at birth that his powers would gradually weaken over time, and eventually vanish all together. Without the Aura guiding him, surviving out here would be impossible. And if a Trainer happened to capture him, he would be unable to perform the tasks a Lucario swears to perform, such as protecting their Trainer from all harm. Just the thought of losing the power…
Lucario's eye lids twitched as the thought nearly made him lose his concentration. "Concentrate Lucario! Concentrate for Arceus's sake! You're better than this!"
The blue-furred jackal Pokémon used his aura sense to look at the blue cloud of aura building. He smiled but managed to keep the same constant level of concentration. To give himself an extra incentive to train harder, he swore to himself if he failed to focus every hour, he would not eat for the rest of that day. Sure, it sounds extreme to do something like that to himself, but it was very effective, especially during the wee morning hours.
The Aura Sphere gradually expanded in his paws as he walked along, his eyes glowing beneath his eye lids. His muzzle twitched as he concentrated all power into his paws. His muscles twitched everywhere, mainly in his paws. He smirked happily as the orb grew to overtake his paws, a soft humming coming from the sphere. The immediate area glowed a soft blue in the light it produced.
"Come on, you can do it…just a little more…" he said, gritting his teeth as he pumped more energy into the sphere. He stopped in his tracks to concentrate fully, give his aura- produced weapon all his attention. Damn him if this was easy, because it wasn't. Yes the orb was at least the size of his head and completely concealed his paws from even his aura sight.
"Just…a little…more…" he said, bearing his fangs as he forced more energy into the orb. Strenuous training like this made him wonder many, many times before if what he was doing was rational. He never met a Lucario, or even an Alakazam who trained this extensively. It was strange… Many called him crazy for it; kill himself in Aura training, or no eating. They just…didn't understand. Lucario wanted to be his best, give it his all for Arceus's sake!
The humming Aura Sphere got louder, gradually. The translucent insides of the orb twisted and turned like an out of control planetarium, a vortex sucking up everything. This much forced concentration put a lot of stress on his body but he did his best to ignore it; he could handle it. If he survived the rampage of four furious Gyrados, he could keep his own powers in control. His heart beat faster and faster, his lungs struggling to supply him with adequate air; his whole body tried to keep up with him. The orb continued to expand and shake as the power became so great he knew it would burst if he didn't keep control. No, no don't fail. Don't let it go. Concentrate…
Somewhere nearby in the same exact forest (obviously), another lone Pokémon wandered around on all fours, sniffing at the ground occasionally like a tracking dog. Its dark fur blended it in with the equally dark scenery, making him totally invisible to the naked eye. The Pokémon was a Zoroark, a male one. Like all Zoroark his body was naturally slender yet muscular with a long and pointed muzzle, thick red mane flowing behind him, and like all other Zoroark he had a sly yet fierce nature, as well as a few naughty attributes. Pokémon scientists knew this about Zoroarks but they were unable to discover where this nature came into play; the truth was Zoroark were know to be naughty when mating. And this Zoroark was no exception.
He sighed to himself as he rubbed a patch of grass with his paw for no particular reason; mostly because he was bored. He pushed himself up and stood up on his back legs, hanging his arms at his side as he went along that way, the pads of his feet making his trek across the grassy landscape more quiet. He too liked the forest when it was quiet and dark, for the most part. He liked it when he had something to do. It set the mood for whatever he was doing and because he preferred to do most things without anyone around the quiet surroundings helped add to the serenity of the atmosphere. He could move around and practice his Illusion without fear of confrontation from neither Pokémon or human.
But on nights like this, when he had nothing to do, he couldn't just enjoy the beauty of his home like most would, especially at night when it was hard to see. Granted he could see in the dark, but it's hard to enjoy things in the darkness. For most males it was unfortunate the forest was nearly empty at this time of night, at this time of the year. And, which time might it be? The season, the season when females go into heat. There was just one problem though. Even though his male body was still affected by the scent of a female in heat and it aroused him greatly, he wanted a male. A nice little male Pokémon to have "fun" with. You could call it one of those "naughty" quirks his species are known for, if you wanted to.
"This whole forest can't be empty…" He mumbled. "I can't be the only Pokémon around here." Standing close to the tree line he ran his paw across each one he passed, feeling the warm bark and the life radiating through each one. It was amazing, these trees, as lifeless as they seemed, were as alive as he was… Zoroark smiled softly. It was amazing what the creator Arceus did with his powers, creating this wonderful world for humans and Pokémon to thrive in…
He looked up at the canopies of the trees as he walked along, making light little patterns in the wood but not breaking the surface of the bark. He looked away from the trees, his pace declining to a slow walk. He wondered if he should just give up and head back to his den because he searched for a possible mate the past couple of days or so, and had no luck yet. But that was mostly his fault because he didn't venture too far from the perimeter around his den. Yeah, he could see in the dark but he wasn't too reliant on it. He could get lost at any time.
Zoroark rubbed his muzzle and stopped next to the nearest tree, looking at the grass. Another night without finding a male, what shitty luck. Time to throw in the towel again and head on back to the den. He turned around and took a single step closer to his den before a sharp flash off in the trees caught his attention. His head snapped to the left and a glimmer of hope sparked inside him. He spent so many waist hours searching for a male that he was certain it was just his mind telling him what he wanted to know, telling him what he wanted to hear.
But a second flash told him otherwise. This was a new sight! That had to be a Pokémon! He hoped, at least. Either way he turned back around and got on all fours before taking off running as fast as he could towards the source, his excitement going up tenfold. He pinpointed the exact location of the light as he darted through the trees, careful not to slip up.
"Oh please Arceus let it be a male…" Arceus has a way of playing with his subjects, messing with them. Knowing his luck, the mighty Pokémon god probably made the source of the light come from a female Pokémon or one who couldn't mate, like Bronzong or Magneton. He didn't want to run all the way over there only to find his hopes dashed. He followed the sound carefully, listening for when it got louder; but all he really had to do was follow the light.
Eventually he found the cause of the disturbance in the tranquil ambiance, and could not believe his eyes. In the middle of the little clearing a single Lucario stood there, charging a rather large Aura Sphere in his paws. Zoroark couldn't believe his eyes but he quickly dove behind a tree to hide from the Pokémon's possible Aura Sight.
He peeked from behind the tree, looking at him. He could tell it was a male, due to the lack of breasts and the masculine muscle structure. Was Arceus smiling down on him this evening, because he just struck gold. Zoroark smiled from ear to ear.
"My my, you're really working hard there…" he whispered to no one in particular. By the looks of it the Lucario was a young one, younger than him anyway, and a little smaller. Just a little. Zoroark licked his muzzle slowly, feeling the soft warm air touch the tip of his cock barely poking out from his furry grey sheath. Already the jackal was arousing him…
His body was nicely shaped in such a way that it gave him this cute boyish look, and that's what he liked in a male; it complimented their youth nicely. He couldn't really see his rear end from this angle but he knew he wanted to see it. Oh, such a cute little Lucario. He had to have him and he knew exactly how to do it.
"I know what will attract you…what will lure you…" he said, a devilish smile coming across his muzzle. "A little disguise." The illusory Fox Pokémon stepped back a few from the tree and leapt into the air, his body enveloped in a purple light; he landed softly in a new transformation, that of a female Lucario.
He stood there in his new form, looking at his body to make sure he had all the features that would make him attractive to any male. He looked behind him and set his paws on his new perfectly rounded rear end, giggling softly as he felt the soft blue fur. Before he could make any further observations the heat took its effect on his new body. His entire body grew hot and spread mainly to his new opening, lips pushing out moisture and a sweet odor into the air. Zoroark made a soft whining sound at the strange sensations, a paw shooting down between his legs and rubbing his pussy.
"W-Wow, this is so new…" he giggled, rubbing the back of his head as he fingered himself, panting and moaning softly, his nipples hardening and more juice building up within him. So this was what it was like to be a female in heat; he disguised himself as a female many times before but never during the season. Strong desire flooded his feminine frame and all he could think about was sex. Sex…sex…nothing but sex. He giggled and panted, unable to help himself, it was just so interesting to do this. He looked up from watching his body react to how the Lucario would react…
Lucario grunted and growled, his paws aching as he forced himself to hold on to the Aura Sphere; it was easily up to his forearms and he could its power increasing dramatically. It was of good size for an Aura Sphere, quite possibly a new record.
"Yes, I'm getting it! I'm…" Lucario was so certain he could keep the orb for much longer. His mind set firmly on his energy-produced sphere, eliminating all other thoughts. Meditation, full-blown meditation. All worries pushed to the back of his head, just focusing on the orb. The Aura Sphere required so much of his energy he had to take short breaths through his nose every few seconds, and on the next sniff, his nose picked up the smell. The smell, the smell that made his eyes shoot open.
Just like that the Aura Sphere exploded in his paws like a mild explosive, creating a loud bursting sound and sending him flat on his rear. Lucario wanted to scream out loud, if he wasn't so tired. He had to catch his breath, breathing hard through his open mouth and the stress on his body finally catching up to him.
"No…a-after all…that…work…!" Lucario whined unhappily, rubbing his forehead and sitting up. He was tired but he was a strong Pokémon so his energy came back rather quickly. Only when he resumed breathing through his nose did he pick up the smell again, and realize what it was.
Female in heat.
"Oh…I almost…forgot…" he panted, standing up automatically and looking around the forest. The scent made his own body react normally and his sheath parted open for his pointed shaft, gradually sliding further out. It was amazing what a female's scent could do; one minute he focused all his energy on that one Aura Sphere…now he wanted to mate. Lucario didn't know where the smell could be coming from until a gentle giggle and the sound of rustling leaves told him where to go. He closed his eyes and the forest was bathed with dark blue aura; a light blue shape moving through the forest ahead, a familiar shape, made him smile brightly.
"You're not getting away from me…" he said softly and licked his muzzle before he took a step back and prepped himself before he took off running after the shape, using his aura sight to find her exact location. She ran away from him, getting further and further away. Grunting as he dodged the trees, he gasped for air already as his pace started to weaken; he didn't give his body a long enough rest. He clenched his eyes and grit his teeth, barely dodging a tree and almost losing the female in the process.
He watched her, a little blue dot in the distance. Damn, she was fast. Maybe a little too fast, because she soon disappeared from his sight. Damn it! Lucario growled madly but continued running for a little while longer, soon coming to a stop to catch his breath. Boy, he needed a nice long rest…
Lucario opened his eyes and found himself in front of a slightly elevated cave opening in the face of a mountain. Did she go in here, he wondered? There was only one way to find out; he needed to mate and if she was in there, he would find her. Cautious he stepped into the dark cave, the moonlight allowing him to see only a few feet in.
"Is this a trap of sorts…?" Lucario thought, his red eyes narrowing and a deep grunt coming out of him. "Heat can make a female act so strange…"
He stared into the darkness, his eyes well-adjusted to the low light level. He could barely make out the features of the figure standing not too far back, and he could tell what it was; what she was. He swallowed slightly, because the female was a Lucario. And by the looks of it, she had a very nice body…
"Hello there, handsome boy…" a feminine voice radiated from the figure, full of friendliness and a lot of playfulness. A drop of sweat went down his face as he watched the female step closer, her frame slightly visible in the soft dark. Arceus…she did have an amazing body. Her hips formed a nice hourglass shape with a nicely rounded rear end on the bottom, two firm ripe breasts adorned on her chest like crown jewels of a royal family, tall pointed ears, a nice ruffle of fur around her neck, and finally a long flowing tail wagging behind her.
She was…perfect. But if only he knew what was hiding beneath that illusion…
"You…y-you were the one running from me, weren't you?" Lucario asked, panting as the heat flooded his nostrils.
The female came closer to him, close enough so the moonlight could shine down on her and reveal the features of her whole body; the most notable one being the shimmering juice soaked into the fur of her thighs. Lucario stared; he didn't mean to, but he could not help it.
"I'm sorry I broke your concentration back there," she said in an apologetic voice. "My heat made me do it. You're very handsome…"
Lucario's face went red, making his face a soft shade of purple, more so as she walked around him. It seemed she had tastes when it came to choosing a mate. At least that's what he could make out, and she was just making sure he had all the features of a good mate. But he had different plans for her. When he back faced towards him he reached back and firmly grabbed her rear end. Zoroark giggled in his disguise, looking back at him with lusty red eyes.
"Oh, you're as eager as I am aren't you?" she asked in a soft voice, touching his paw and rubbing it across her rear end. Lucario smiled and licked his lips, turning to her and gripping her ass with both paws.
"M-Mm…" Zoroark moaned and rubbed his firm breasts, pussy dripping sweet honey freely. Lucario panted and took a deep whiff of the sweet air and smiled brightly. It was absolutely intoxicating, the best smell in the world to a male. His arousal slid further out of its furry casing, up to the round ball of flesh and the base that would lock him to his mate. He was quite thick already, but that was no surprise when it came to Pokémon like Lucario.
"You like that don't you babe?"" Lucario asked the aroused female in a sly tone of voice as he groped her slender hips. She simply nodded and looked back at him, pushing her rear on his paws. Lucario gave a soft moan-like sound and rubbed his paw up the length of her tail, circling the very base with a single claw. Still looking at him she stuck her ass out and lifted her tail up, the furry appendage curling up over her arched back, showing her submission to him. Zoroark's ecstasy elevated madly; he had to finger himself to relieve the pleasure building inside him. Making his moves based on her reactions (he could tell he was doing good) Lucario slowly slid a paw under her tail and felt her tailhole; much to his surprise she was not tight back there, but very loose.
"W-Wow…y-you're pretty loose…" Lucario said in a weak voice, feeling ill all of a sudden. A female…with a loosened ass. Oh, how…how…Lucario couldn't even find the right words to describe it. Zoroark smiled and purred softly. That wasn't part of the Illusion like the rest of his body; he was really that loose back there.
"Uhuh…" she said, nodding slowly. "I'm…a bit of an ass slut…" She panted and smiled. Lucario swallowed as he felt his insides grow hot. He could not help himself, he just couldn't. He rubbed her loosened hole with his soft furry fingers, lightly pressing it inside. Zoroark groaned and panted harder as he bucked back against his paw.
"Mm…you…" she moaned, her soaked thighs creating a pool of liquid under her. Lucario wiggled his finger around inside, feeling her warm muscles and quickly getting acquainted with them. Zoroark leaned his head back and panted louder, paw moving faster along his flared and sensitive folds. He wondered how much longer he should keep the Illusion up, because he didn't want to do it like this much longer…
The air was thick and sweet, no more room for clean and fresh air. He made a slight yipping sound when he felt Lucario's rod on his ass. He buckled slightly and panted louder before starting to move forward. Lucario moved along with until she leaned against the wall, pressing her paws on the stone and sticking her ass out for him so his fingers could feel more. Lucario's eyes went all over her body and he wondered if was possible for a female to have this perfect of a body. Was he dreaming, or was this possibly some kind of trick? Hell, he wasn't sure…
Zoroark was amused; his illusion fooled the Lucario completely. Of course if he tried without the illusion the sexy male might've refused him. He still wondered, really, really wondered, what would happen if he let his ruse dissolve…
"It's so…please don't get…mad but…it's so rare for a female to h-have an ass t-this..lo-oose…" he said, smiling gently and licking his muzzle. Zoroark looked back at him and smiled, shaking his head. Lucario nodded and pushed his finger in a little deeper, loving the reaction he got from her. But what he didn't expect was for her to reach back, take hold of his wrist, and move it for him. He watched with widened eyes as she fucked herself with his hand, moaning and making other pleasured noises. While she did that, Lucario rubbed his hard shaft with his other paw and greatly enjoyed watching her.
"You're so…s-so hot…" Lucario breathed out as he became even more aroused, closing his eyes as he jerked off. Her grip tightened around his wrist as she moved his paw with more speed and force. He winced as her claws dug into her skin and accidentally made his aura senses go off.
As soon as they went off and he saw the light blue figure in front of him, his mind immediately told him something was wrong. He was no longer looking at a Lucario. He opened his eyes, thinking he was crazy, but a Lucario was certainly standing there. But with his aura sight, it was an entirely different Pokémon looking back at him. A long red mane flowed down its back; that was all he could see from the rear other than the Pokémon lacking…certain feminine features. Lucario opened his eyes as he panted nervously, his heart beat getting louder.
"What…w-what are you?" he asked with a slight growl, pulling away from the female.
Zoroark felt him leave, and within a second he knew he saw through his ruse. But he wasn't nervous, not one bit. Not after all they did so far…
She smiled at him and turned around and smiled before she leapt into the air and became the pink glowing orb before shifting back into his true form, right in front of him. Lucario's eyes widened in complete shock. She was really a Zoroark? He realized he was fooled by her Illusion; the notorious Illusion. But his guess of "her" gender was corrected when he saw the thick red appendage sticking up between "her" legs.
The Zoroark was a male!
"W…What the hell is this…?" Lucario said weakly stepping back from the male.
Zoroark smiled and chuckled mischievously, a soft purr coming from his throat. Lucario bit his lip nervously and completely involuntarily looked down at the dark fox's thick rod; even the knot was inflated and he was…fairly big.
"Do you like what you see?" he asked as he advanced towards him and gaining a deep blush from the jackal who looked away.
He was tricked, and it made him mad…though he was thoroughly confused. He wasn't tearing the Zoroark's throat out for pulling that trick on him; he was still aroused as a matter of fact because the scent of heat hung thickly in the air. Did he like what happened even though he was close to actually fucking another male? He tried to go over the answer in his head but a grab to his shoulders ended all that and he was brought to the ground by the Illusory Fox, in between his legs.
Lucario wanted to say something but found himself without words as the larger fox stared at him, paws gripped on his shoulders. He stared back, gritting his teeth and growling with just a little threat.
"You're such a sexy little Lucario…" the Zoroark said with a lot of lust in his voice, a single red claw stroking the fur of his cobalt cheek. Lucario growled and tried to pull away, looking down at the organ covered with natural lubrication that was so close to his belly. He knew what he wanted to do with that, and yet he still did not fight it all the way.
Zoroark's paw touched his chest, running his claws through the soft fur and making circles around the sharp spike. Lucario groaned and looked him in the eyes, his own glowing faintly. Zoroark wasn't afraid of what Lucario could do to him. He seemed confident Lucario wouldn't fight back…
The Fighting-type clenched his paws shut as his back was stroked like a male would with a female. That's how he started to feel as Zoroark touched his body everywhere; his hips, highs, waist, chest, all of it. All of it was touched.
"Stop…t-touching me…" he growled and made a little noise when Zoroark suddenly grabbed his rear end. His tail twitched up on its own, lifting up slightly in the pending sign of submission, like a female wanting to be mated.
Zoroark smirked and ran his paw up and down the underside of his long tail. Lucario felt his body relaxing under his gentle touching. He was greatly confused by the way his body was reacting. He was a male, not a female for crying out loud! But the horny Zoroark seemed to like it that way.
Lucario had to look down at his cock and winced as it throbbed and leaked thick fluid, dripping on Zoroark's thigh. His body needed as much of a release as he knew Zoroark's did; or in this case, as much as he wanted. One of them was going to take it up the tailpipe, and he had a feeling it was not going to be Zoroark. The fox smirked again. The paw pressing on his back extended his chest towards him. Lucario looked away and panted softly, grabbing Zoroark's thick wrists in an attempt to keep them in place.
"S-Stop it…" he said, glaring slightly at him with an open mouth and pushing his paws away. "I'm a male dammit, a male…"
"I know," he affirmed. "I happen to like males…" he gave Lucario's tail a hard tug. The smaller male let out a sharp cry of pain but was cut short; Zoroark took the brief opportunity of his open mouth and pulled him into a kiss.
Lucario's eyes widened and he flushed like mad as his pulse went up. Now he was being kissed by another male! Lucario's paws pressed on his thick black shoulders but in a brief moment, for only a second or two, it felt like he was trying to pull him closer, rather than push him away…
He held the sexy young Lucario in his paws as he caressed the cobalt fur. He knew based on his reactions the canine was a virgin back there. A virgin… He would be so tight…so nice, hot, and tight…
Lucario groaned and clenched his eyes when Zoroark's tongue began sliding into his mouth. It was hot and wet, and because of their close to equal-length muzzles it was hard to maneuver around. But that didn't mean he didn't try. Zoroark tilted his muzzle to the side so he could kiss him deeper, rubbing the roof of his mouth. He held his shoulders tightly, weakly trying to push him away but not doing much about it. He allowed the fox to have his mouth. He shivered immensely when the fox rubbed their tongues together, their taste buds exchanging strange and indescribable flavors.
Zoroark grinned over the kiss as he gave Lucario's rear a firm slap with his right paw, gaining a soft and muffled "oh", followed by a little whine. Zoroark's twitched and he sighed softly, the whine sounding so cute to him, reminiscent of a little pup's whine. Just when Lucario thought things couldn't get more complicated he felt the Dark Pokémon's red-hot length rub against his own. His body was already hot and sweaty from the heat transferred by the other male, and now it was blazing like an Infernape's insides, scorching him from the inside out. Lucario automatically extended his claws and lightly stabbed his shoulders as a small warning. Zoroark winced but ignored the slight discomfort as he grinded their caninehoods together, the throbbing red skin hot to the touch. Lucario clenched his eyes tightly and grit his teeth hard, pleasure rocketing through him.
Zoroark's paws were still planted firmly on Lucario's rear, claws playing with his tail every few seconds. He thought he was done when he felt a single paw leave, but seconds later it came back and two claws were wet. They traveled over his ass as they went closer to the center until his tips made contact with his tight little hole.
Lucario gasped and breathed in hard, finally able to break away from the kiss, their mouths covered with saliva.
"N-Not there…anywhere b-but there…" he growled as he dug his claws into his shoulders. Zoroark winced again, smirking slightly. Feeling such a tight little virgin ass around his claws made him lick his lips hungrily, immense desire filling him. He wanted the Aura Pokémon. He wanted him badly…
Lucario moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure as a single claw penetrated him, his inexperienced rear opening up for the foreign object. Zoroark licked his muzzle back and forth, left to right, wetting the fur around his mouth with more thick saliva. He held the perfect male against him and purred softly at him, rubbing his soft bottom and wiggling the thin claw tip around as it pushed a little deeper with great gentleness.
"G-Get it out….Get i-it out…" he whined and growled, his eyes still shut. Zoroark's claw was hard; very, very hard and he could feel how smooth it was, allowing for an easier entry.
"You're so tight back there…it's so cute…" the Dark-type droned, licking the side of his face as he worked his claw in and out of him, stretching his virgin walls as it went a bit deeper. Lucario's fur dampened with perspiration. This new feeling brought so many new sensations all at once, some of them painful. His innards squeezed slightly starting at the base of his stomach and slowly working its way up. His long tail stayed lifted up and allowed Zoroark to finger him without interference.
The jackal could have used his aura powers to overpower the fox a long time ago…but the only problem was he could not concentrate. There were too many distractions he could not focus on anything. It was like he feared, losing his powers, unable to use them. His knot ached, his member begging for a release. The stimulation in his rectum made it harder to resist Zoroark's advances, as his middle claws tickled his rim before he made room and slid it through his ring muscle. Lucario made a shaky gasping sound as he shook his head. He was stretched further open, knowing Zoroark was doing this to prepare him for what was going to happen. Zoroark pulled him close, their bodies full-on touching except of his chest because of the chest spike. He was getting impatient with himself but continued on with his work, greatly enjoying Lucario's reaction as he stroked his back as he did before, running his claws through the soft fur.
"T-Take them out…they h-hurt…" he lied, just wanting them out of his rectum as he panted and groaned softly. He could feel his tight walls hugging the claws, sucking at them greedily. He looked far back and arched slightly to look at it, his insides going tight at the sight of Zoroark's paw working at his anus.
"Alright cutie, no claws?" Zoroark asked, cocking his head to the side. He expected this from Lucario; all virgins were nervous about being claw-fucked. Who wouldn't be? Lucario shook his head and whined as his wish was granted and the claws slid slowly from his opening. His rear felt like it was gaping open, gasping for air, stretched open by the invasive fingers. He kept his eyes closed, heart beating hard in his chest.
The next question made his eyes widen: "Are you ready?"
The young Lucario gasped, his mouth hanging open. Oh Arceus, this was it. "I…I-I don't k-know…"
No matter what answer he gave him Zoroark turned him around in his lap and moved him forward where Lucario had to stop his fall by pressing his paws on the cave floor. He whined as Zoroark moved his legs into position so he was in the doggy-style position. Not once did Lucario ever imagine himself like this in front of another male, but now that it was actually happening he felt…excited.
"You're so sexy…so hot, so attractive…" Zoroark said in a dreamy-like voice as he kissed the small of his back. Lucario growled when he smacked his rear again, his arms tensing up. He was still confused, knowing damn well if he regretted doing this it would be his fault. But he was giving in to him, letting himself be taken over by the dark fox like a female. He was sure he wanted this as much as he did…the smell of heat still flowed through his respiratory system and he was still very aroused. That moment he started wondering how it would feel to be mated by another male…
"You a-a-ass…you t-tricked me…" he growled in a small voice, shaky as he stared back at him with slightly glazed eyes. Zoroark smile barely fell and he growled slightly, running his paw up his back and stroking his shoulders.
"You wouldn't have agreed if I came to you…like this." He pointed out, rubbing his rear with his soft silky paw, long pink tongue flicking across the fur.
"I…I…I-I…Oh…" he stammered, closing his eyes and panting like a dog in heat, head hanging down. His cock throbbed and dripped out the pent-up load it carried. Zoroark's hot tongue made his spine arch and shiver. He grunted sharply when the thick paw made contact with his ass again. The tremor spread through his nerves and he dripped harder. Another swat, right after the last made his tail hike up further, standing erect in the air. The fox liked spanking him for some reason. It made him…anxious.
Zoroark went lower and moved his paw to brush the back of Lucario's furry balls. He played with them slightly, gently scratching them with those two claws. Lucario's hips involuntarily thrust his hips forward, pre spurting up onto his soft belly. Zoroark giggled and messed with him down there before giving him a soft lick, running his tongue all the way up to his tight pucker.
"O-Oh…Knock it o-off…" he grunted, digging his claws into the dirt. Both paws gripped his bottom as Zoroark exposed more of his tight back door. He felt so drawn to it, like it was just begging for him. He wanted to take the cute Lucario right up his tight tailhole, feel it around him.
Lucario waited in that position for what Zoroark was going to do next. At this point he didn't know what to expect from the naughty Pokémon. Would his…shaft come next or if he would try something else on him. Now, his biggest fear was he wouldn't be able to take him up there and wouldn't come out without injury. He narrowed his eyes and closed his mouth when hot breath billowed over his rear. Lucario looked back to see Zoroark's face close to his ass. His blue eyes shimmered in the moonlight, locking with his red spheres. He stared at him, searching for an ounce of something. He didn't know what he wanted to see though. Something, anything…
"Let's get you nice and wet…" Zoroark said with a soft smile. Lucario couldn't see with his tail blocking part of his face. At first he didn't know what he meant but when a hot and wet sensation touched his hole, his breath went shaky in an instant.
T-Take it o-out…It f-feels so ugh…weird…" Lucario moaned, leaning on his elbows and breathing deep and slow. His tongue was slick and hot, more soft and flexible than his claws. There was no doubt about it anymore as Zoroark explored his rectal cavity; he was getting very excited. Even if he did take the place of the female.
"Mm…wonderful…" Zoroark thought blissfully as he tasted the superb musk that could only come from a male. The purpose of this was to lubricate his tunnel even though the natural moisture built on his member from inside his sheath would make it slick enough, but he wanted to make it nice and wet. Zoroark brought up more saliva and applied it to his tailhole, pushing his tongue in and out, slightly mimicking the motions of sex.
Lucario shook his head as pleasure flooded him and a deep groan escaped him. His knot pulsated madly, actually hurting from the lack of attention. It was driving him mad, as well was Zoroark's licking. He licked, sucked, nibbled, just about everything that left the young male whimpering.
"Enough fooling around, he's wet enough. I must have him now…" Zoroark mumbled under his breath. Even though he didn't want to leave his rear end, he forced himself to, his lust-filled mind drowning with thoughts of the other male. The dark fox straightened up and licked his muzzle with hunger; pure, carnal hunger. Lucario's eyes went wide as Zoroark's paws went around his waist. His teeth clenched as the sharp tip of the male's cock touched his tight virgin tailhole.
Zoroark sat up straight, a sly smile on his face as he set his paws on his lower back and rubbing them the up to his shoulders all the way down to his rump. He stared at his rear and he gave it another swat, unable to help himself. The jackal yipped loudly and his tailhole automatically tightened around his tip for a second.
"Get ready cutie…" he said in a soft and lusty voice "To take it up your cute little tailhole."
Lucario blushed hard at his words, talking to him like he was a female. He straightened himself up and grunted as Zoroark began pushing inside with gradual slowness. He played with his back and rear end continuously. He felt some kind of attraction to his rear, something he could not explain. He always had a thing for cute males like this Lucario, and he just could not get enough of it. Lucario moaned and panted to the air, expelling the intense heat building. The clenching of his body crept back on him like a thief in the night, gripping his stomach like a hand squeezed it in a tight vice. Zoroark panted along with him, growling as his tongue fell out the front of his muzzle. The jackal was so tight and clenched him like a tight silken glove, making him go mad with lust. The saliva coating his rear like a clear glaze and the natural lubrication on his cock allowed him to slid in with ease.
"O-Oh…I-It's…Mm…" Lucario grunted with pain and pleasure, forcing his body to loosen as it automatically tightened around him. Zoroark held the base of his dick to help guide him in accurately, lifting himself off his knees slightly to come in at a downward angle. The jackal moaned at the feeling and dug his claws into the dirt, leaning his head back as soft dog-like pants came from his muzzle. Zoroark lifted his paw and brought it down on his ass, the young Pokémon arching his back and groaning sharply as he pushed it up to the knot.
"It's in…Oh Arceus…" Lucario huffed into the air as Zoroark stayed firmly in place, his paws rested on his lower back. His tongue flicked up across his nose as he watched the Lucario's lithe body quiver. Already he was wiggling with pleasure, and he hadn't even started yet. Not wanting to waist a moment of control he pulled halfway out of his sucking walls and slammed back inside. Lucario practically whined at the sudden feeling and gasped for air, unable to keep himself from thrusting back on him.
Zoroark's eyes narrowed and he breathed out his arousal, simply setting his paws on his hips and lightly grabbing them as he pushed forward once, twice, repeating the motion before eventually setting on a gentle rhythm. Pressure built down below and hot cum dripped from his enlarged tip like a leaky faucet on the same are as before, adding to the little puddle beneath him. Lucario found himself moaning softly with Zoroark's thrusts, his head hanging down and his eyes clamped shut. He honestly never thought he would be taking a male up his ass, feeling it throb inside him. But, he liked the feeling and he was anxious to feel more. Zoroark's eyes did not leave the Lucario beneath him, his paws stroking his sides once more. The tan fur soft under his silky paws he rubbed him in a circular motion and disheveled a patch, doing it just to hear his lover's relaxed moans. Any noise he made he wanted to hear, and he loved how it flowed over his pointed ears.
Lucario's arms quiver as he looked between his legs at his throbbing arousal. He didn't know it had gotten that big, the way it would inside a female. The knot was thicker than ever and it dripped so much pre he was amazed he had not cum yet. Out of complete curiosity the canine lifted his head and looked back at Zoroark to see him stroking and licking his tail, arm snaking around his waist. Lucario half-closed his eyes and moaned softly as he looked into the larger male's eyes, planted firmly on his paws and knees so he could thrust into his willing and ever so loosening body.
His tongue traveled from one side of his muzzle to the other as he leaned forward over a little, panting in time with the other male's panting. Lucario adjusted the positioning of his body, clenching his paws and taking a slow deep breath. The bottom lungs clenched like his stomach did, his diaphragm pressing against his chest. The way his walls spread open and welcomed Zoroark in filled him with sharp stinging sensations, another shaky breath coming out of him. Zoroark kept the same steady rhythm present in his pelvic thrusts not letting them go above the constant, swatting Lucario's butt as just to hear him yip and moan. He let the furry blue tail fall to his sides so it could wag freely and he could focus his paws elsewhere. His right paw snaked around his stomach and he gently rubbed Lucario up his torso all the way down to his upper thigh, his touch avoiding his hardened manhood on purpose. The jackal whined and slightly and tried to touch the back of his paw with a single thrust but Zoroark pulled his paw up before it could happen.
Lucario whined pathetically and looked back at him. He smirked at the smaller male and scratched the back of his neck, stroking the tuft of tan fur. The petting, it reminded him of his mother holding him when he was a newborn pup, nuzzling him and rocking him to sleep. This gave him the same relaxing feeling…
Zoroark moaned into the thick cave air, his broad black-furred chest rising and falling. His paws constantly went to other parts of his body as he searched for the best place to hold him for leverage, finally sticking with just holding his hips. Lucario's insides were getting increasingly sensitive like those of a female, the muscles clenching him tightly and conforming to his size. It felt like his whole body was trying to adjust just from having taken Zoroark in.
"Mm…it's i-it's so…ugh…" Lucario grunted with each thrust that sent him swaying forward, Zoroark's pelvis hitting him hard and slapping his furry orbs against his rear. Lucario sucked in a sharp breath and arched slightly, vocalizing his pleasure for the older male to hear. He shifted his legs back to lean forward and let him have more room for penetration, forcing his tensed and excited body to relax and loosen his rear muscles.
"Relax cutie…just relax." Zoroark whispered, his voice soft and comforting in a way as his paws pressed on the small of his back. Lucario closed his eyes and thrust back against him, taking his words in and trying harder to relax. He panted and gasped, for it was very hard; he was as relaxed as he possibly could at the moment but his rectum kept tightening. Zoroark grunted as he pulled up to the very tip and waited for a few seconds before slamming back in, both males moaning in pure delight at once. Again Zoroark lifted himself up to achieve a few downward thrusts, his thick foxhood angled just right so the bulging underside would make contact with that special, sensitive spot inside. Lucario wheezed as pleasure electrified his nerves. A thin flow of fluids leaked from his tip and added to the puddle, his moaning becoming louder as he instantly desired to feel more.
Zoroark however, didn't feel very pleased. He frowned, his pace slowing down. He did not feel satisfied with the position any longer. He wanted something different as his own desire came up: the desire to feel more of his young lithe frame and the soft fur covering it. Lucario looked back at Zoroark with confusion and worry, hoping he wasn't getting tired. He whimpered when he pulled out and left him with a strange empty feeling, which he did not like. Opening his mouth to protest he was stopped when Zoroark pulled him up by his hips, looking back at the fox as he pulled them both to their feet. Zoroark stood over Lucario and stroked his side, the jackal blushing and smiling at him.
"Lean forward cutie. I'm going to try something new." The Dark-type droned into his ear.
Lucario nodded and did so, craning his trunk forward and presenting himself to him. He could not help himself and asked, "What are you…going to do?"
Zoroark would let him find out. His paws clamped around his waist as he held Lucario in place, lifting him up slightly to slide his way back into his ass. Lucario quivered and panted out loud, leaning over a little more to give him more space to maneuver. A sly smile came to Zoroark as he resumed thrusting. The Aura Pokémon stuck his rear out and spread his legs apart; he wasn't sure how much room or help he would need, but he wanted to make sure he had all he needed; he wanted more, as much as the bigger male had to offer.
The next thrust brought their furry body together with a soft "whump", Zoroark's balls smacking him once more and he wrapped his thick forearms around his hips and pulled his rear against his pelvis, his thick knot pressing and throbbing in between them. Lucario's eyes went wide as his throbbing arousal squirted thin liquid up on his stomach. Everything felt so good…his body, his knot, his thick hot member…all of it drove his body mad with lust and he just could not stay quiet; a pleasured moan escaped him every second. He held his thick wrists with a soft grasp, pressing himself eagerly into his strong warm body, their masculine frames rubbing and smacking together in the heated sexual engagement, moaning in the air together as the pleasure they experienced flowed through their grinding bodies.
Lucario finally wrapped a paw around his cock and stroked it softly, panting louder than ever now. "O-Oh…so goooood…"
Zoroark smiled and licked the back of his head and touched his paw before pulling it away from his shaft. "Allow me…"
Lucario watched his paw wrap around the hot red and resume for him. He groaned loudly as Zoroark jerked him off, his tongue dripping thick saliva onto the back of his paw. Mixtures of fluids dripped onto the floor as Lucario thrust into his palm, his other paw tightening around his wrist. Before anything else could even happen Zoroark got a change of heart and let him go, but not before giving the knot a soft squeeze.
Lucario huffed and chuckled softly. "That didn't…l-last long…"
"Well, I don't want you…cumming too soon." The fox replied, pressing on him hard as his tempo went up. Lucario gripped him tighter as he felt his insides stretching at a more constant pace than they did before. His weight went directly into his pelvis and each pound impacting with the jackal made him grunt sharply, clenching his teeth and eyes shut. Zoroark pressed his forehead into Lucario's shoulder as he carefully timed their thrusts, missing the timing on a few but getting it perfectly on most. Either way, they both loved it. His knot bulged like made, the veiny ball of flesh pushing on his anus with every powerful thrust he let off on him. With Lucario in a tight hug he kept him firmly in place so he could feel his fur and warm body heat, among other obvious reasons.
Lucario threw his head back and screamed out loud as his insides were stabbed by the sharp thick tip, pleasure spreading through him in harsh waves, stimulating the ends of his nerves. He wanted to rub the straining organ between his legs, he wanted to increase his pleasure tenfold, but instead all he was able to do was pull his paws from Zoroark's wrists and press them against the stone wall, leaning forward and hanging his head as he panted in pure delight. Zoroark growled deeply as his thick pre leaked into his tight hole, adding a bit of lubrication to his walls.
"Oh! Y-Yes! H-Harder!" he forces out in a shaky voice, shaking his head like mad as Zoroark's thrusting pushed him forward, his canine length flicking up against his stomach. Zoroark digs his claws into Lucario's stomach, still holding him in the tight hug as he moved faster. Lucario winced at the feeling of the sharp tips poking him but did his best to ignore it. Lucario's tongue hung out from his open muzzle, his moans hard and drawn out as he held onto the wall to keep himself from falling over.
Zoroark clenched his sharp fangs hard as his inner walls contracted around him so very tightly, the thick semen building and dispensing into the jackal's tight hot body. Lucario's stomach constricted in such an odd way that Lucario's eyes shot open, a deep groan escaping him.
"Oh, I c-can't hold it…" Zoroark stammered out, finding it harder to resist shoving his whole knot in him in that instant, but he gradually worked the orb of flesh inside him, the bulging sphere starting to spread him further open, more than what he was used to thus far.
With the feeling of his insides clenching hard around the knot as it slid in a little more, the ecstatic feeling of taking another male's knot inside him was just too much for him to handle all at once. His tunnel clenched down on him like a hot fleshy vice as his teeth clamped together to the point of hurting as his load begins shooting out in thick plentiful streams, the pearly white fluids cascading over the wall of the cave and his lower belly, a loud cry of absolute passionate delight erupting from him. After witnessing the sexy Lucario cum right in front of him and feeling the vice-like tightness clenching him, it was all it took for him to wiggle and shove the knot into him. Lucario's eyes shot open as his cry got louder, pain clutching his rear end as the knot spread him so far open. Zoroark grinded down on him as he gave his own little roar of pleasure, his knot swelling inside the male until they locked together. Zoroark's head goes back as he grabs onto his hips, grinding on his ass hard as his insides squeeze him over and over again until it was enough for him to hold him in place as his length erupted and dumped his seed inside him.
Lucario whined and moaned as he felt the thick, slick, and very hot fluids injected directly into his rear end, his own member letting off a few more shots of pure excitement. His body drowned in a mixture of pleasure and pain, wiggling his rear as Zoroark grinded on him still and struggling to stay standing up, his powerful legs beginning to give up on him. Zoroark could feel this as the jackal faltered in his arms, his paws sliding off the wall and ending up back on his hips, as if his paws were still there.
"Come on…let's go down and rest…" he whispered to the younger Pokémon. Lucario nodded and let Zoroark guide him to the floor of the cave, both of them resting on their knees as he hugged his hips again, Lucario rubbing his wrists softly. He panted with exhaustion, feeling the seed flow around and coat his insides like a thick glaze. It warmed him up immensely and he…loved it a lot.
Lucario looked back at him, drool dripping from his muzzle as a smile came across his face. Zoroark smiled back, but it quickly faded when the jackal started chuckling.
"What's so funny…?" he asked, taken aback.
"If you wanted a mate…" Lucario responded, his eyes half-closed. "You could have just asked me…"
Zoroark smiled and shook his head, licking the back of his head. "I told you, you wouldn't have accepted."
Lucario shook his head and reached back to rub the side of his face, turning his head to him. "How do you know I would have?"
Zoroark looked at him before he chuckled with him, pressing his muzzle against his as they shared a kiss. Now, this was what he wanted in a mate.
Raichu groaned as he walked out of his burrow while looking at the ground. He sighs as he looks around, seeing a number of couple looking pokemon around. Sitting in park benches, walking around, all cuddling and laughing at each other. Raichu just sighed while feeling lonely. So far in the past few months, he had been unable to get with any females since he was always lucky with having at least one each week. He was so use to it that when the last one left, he was stuck with how to pleasure himself and hadn't been as lucky in finding a new female.
He went to a strip club last night because it's usually the easiest way to hook up with girls… But as luck would have it, all the girls were taken, leaving him with the other males who either waited or just got drunk to make the night go by. And seeing how he didn't drink much, he just went home. He sat on the park bench, sighing in frustration. "How am I supposed to hook up with a girl, when it seems all of them seems to be taken?" he asked as he sees his cock starting to twitch a bit. 'Great, figures it comes out eager to get inside something, but there's nothing for me to fuck!'
Raichu's shoulder's sagged, 'Guess I'll just head home and deal with it.' he thought as he prepared to get up. But stopped when he spotted a lone Lopunny sitting near the fountain. 'I didn't notice the Lopunny sitting there.' he looked at the normal type and grinned. 'Time to make my move.' He got up and started to walk to approaching the rabbit. He sat down just as the normal type noticed him. "Is this seat taken?" he asked the brown rabbit. "No, you're welcome to it."
He smiled as he was next to the rabbit. "So, what's a cute thing like you doing all alone here?" "Oh, I was just enjoying my time at the park, watching people pass by." she smiled, inching towards the electric type. "What's a handsome guy like you doing here?" "Oh no reason, just passing by." he answered, starting to inch his paw to her thigh, rubbing it sensually. "Mmm, well, wanna pass by somewhere more private?" she asked with a giggle and a flutter of her eyes. "Just a simple, quiet place where could entertain ourselves." "Hmm, I don't know, I was actually planning to head on home." he grins eyeing the Lopunny's feminine look. "Come on, I promise you it'll be a moment you won't be able to forget." The bunny said poking the mouse's hardening member. "Please? For me?" she fluttered her eyes with a pleading look.
He blushes at the Lopunny's gaze. "Maybe I can spare a moment… for a lovely bunny like you." he said moving to rub it's sides. "Great." the Lopunny stood up and started leading the way with Raichu following and staring at her ass. He grins and reaches forward to give it a quick pinch. It made the Lopunny jump who looked at him and winked before they kept walking and letting him rub her ass. 'Wow, her ass is very soft.' Soon he saw her leading him to a small cottage in the woods. "You live here? It's very peaceful looking." he said looking over the cottage. "Just wait until we get inside~"she chimes as she opens the door and offered him inside.
He walked in while she shut the door and found himself lead to the rather large bed inside."Wow, very elegant." he complimented as he sat down. That's when the Lopunny got down and started rubbing his cock. He moans from the softness of the paws as the rabbit made careful, skilled strokes. "Wow, you're so big." The Lopunny murrs softly as the cock started to grow into arousal. She leaned in and took a lick on the tip. He shuddered from it as his breath started to quicken from the pleasure. 'Damn, I can't lose focus! Just stay calm and let her do her thing.'
She licked a few more times, she started to slowly open her mouth and take in the tip. "Ah!" jumped Raichu since it had been WAY too long since he had a blowjob. "What's wrong? Are you okay?" Lopunny asked while rubbing her paw up and down the cock. "I'm alright, you can keep going." he said. She nodded before she started taking in his whole cock in her mouth in one go. He groaned from pleasure as it has been quite a while. He put a paw on her head while lightly thrusting his hips. The rabbit let out a giggle as it licked around the length while sucking on it softly. She moved a paw under and started rubbing the Raichu's balls.
He shudder as it felt so wonderful, the rabbit noticed this and moves its head off the length. "You want to move on to something better?" "Oh big time." he grins as Raichu answers. Lopunny moves next to him and places its upper body on the bed, the bunny's ass at the edge. "Fuck me raw." He got up, 'Maybe I'll take her ass first, then move to her pussy.' he thought as he started to lean over Lopunny. He rubbed his cock against the hole and got a light moan from the normal type. "Already so eager…" he chuckles as he started to press his tip at the hole, getting inside it. Both groaned with the Raichu louder since he had been away from this feeling for so long.
He moved back a bit, then thrusted in all the way. "Ah! You're so tight!" "Ah! You're so big!" He smiled as he started to thrust in rhythm, holding the bunny's chest area. 'Hmm, kind of flat. Must be a late bloomer or something like that.' "Come on, faster!" Raichu smiles as he gripped the rabbit tight and started going faster and harder. 'Ah! How I've missed this!' He felt his limit coming as he was thrusting to the point of shaking the bed. "I'm about to cum!" "Do it inside!"He grunted as he thrust the few more times and thrusted in as far as he could and cried out loud. His dick twitched before he started cumming inside the rabbit. He unloads everything he has as he holds onto Lopunny for support.
He panted while feeling so relaxed it wasn't funny. "Ah man, I needed that." he panted smiling in bliss. "Mmm, nice." purred the Lopunny. "I think it's time for the grand finale." Raichu said, pulling out of Lopunny."I couldn't agree more." the normal type spoke in a more masculine tone. "Huh?" Raichu got out. 'Am I hearing things or did her voice change?' Lopunny stood up and faced Raichu with a large hard cock standing up. The electric type's face froze up, a drop of sweat falling off his face. "That wouldn't be one of those realistic looking strap ons would it?""Touch it and find out."
He looks flustered as he shakes his head. "Uh… no thanks. I better go head on home now." Raichu said turning around to walk off. "Hold on there." spoke Lopunny grabbing Raichu's tail with a lustful glint. "It's my turn." "I'm not interested in guys." Raichu argued back. "Oh? But you are into Lopunny's who are willing to put out?" "But that was because I thought you were a girl." he blushed embarrassed about it. "Well it's only fair to return the favor, or do I gotta really get you into this?""I…" he blushes as he look at the Lopunny's cock. It stood tall and was three times the size of his own and looked like it belonged to a Rapidash. "It just looks so big." he muttered blushing."And tasty?" Lopunny added.
Raichu shudders as he starts to approach the male rabbit. 'Just do it to return the favor.' he got on his knees and felt his pride break at seeing the girth easily outclassed him. "S..so what sould I do?" he asked. "Lick it." Raichu groaned, but inched close to the cock, easily able to smell the musky scent of it. He still felt uncomfortable, but moved forward a took a light lick of it. "It tastes… salty." he murmured. "Come on, more." spoke the Lopunny with a grin. Raichu moved his tongue and started licking it more. All the while the musky scent drifted into his nose.
'The musky smell is so strong…' he thought as he licks more and more. "Mmm, keep on going." He moved upward and started to lick at the tip. That's when the Lopunny grabbed his head and started to push the tip into his mouth. The mouse grunted from the surprised action, but thankfully the Lopunny didn't kept going down. But he did started thrusting the cock back and forth inside his mouth. Raichu grunted and moaned as his tongue moved around the length in reflex. He started to feel his own cock get hard. 'My cock's… getting hard again?' he thought. "Mmm, been a while since I found a nice tight mouth." grunted the Lopunny.
Raichu started to rub the rabbit's balls with his paws, groping them and squeezing them. 'I can't believe I'm actually doing this.' He looks at the Lopunny's pleasured face. 'Although… it isn't as bad as I thought it would be.' he blushed as he thought that. "Alright, keep going." He nods as he started to lick and suck him much more. Soon he felt it twitch before he felt gobs of hot sperm shoot inside his mouth. He shuddered and felt his cheeks bloat out. He had to pull off while more spurted out over his face.
He panted as he swallows what was in his mouth. "H-how was it?" "Awesome, I haven't had an orgasm like that in months." "Um… thank you." Raichu blushes at the words. "But we're not done." "Huh? What else is there?" he asked before gulping as he realized. "Wait...you mean…" The rabbit grins, "Seems fair, don't you think?" "B-But I never had someone….back there." he blushes as he continues. "Plus you're much bigger than me." "Trust me, I once got this inside a Nidorino, so it will fit."
Raichu blushes, but doesn't resist as the Lopunny moves to him and picks him up in his arms. He was carried over and laid on his back before the normal type moved down near his ass. "Um… if we're going to do this… at least be careful okay?" he blushes as he looks downward to the cock near his butt. "No prob." Lopunny grinned as he started to push the tip against the hole. Raichu grunted as it started to hurt a bit because of the large size and his ass not familiar with this. He tried to breathe in deeply as it kept pushing inside him.
The electric type gritted his teeth as he felt his ass getting wider from the size. "T-Too big!" He stops for a moment for the Raichu to catch his breath. "Damn, maybe I should have lubed you up first." "Just… give me a minute." he breathed out. 'It's huge!' Raichu panted until his breathing calmed down a bit. "Okay… you can continue." Lopunny grinned and slid back with a groan before pushing back in with both groaning. Raichu grunted and groaned at the large cock going back inside. He felt his own cock twitching from the penetration. "It's stretching out my body!" "You want me to stop?" Lopunny asked, sounding concerned for him. "No...but I never had a cock inside me before."
Lopunny held Raichu. "I'll be a gentle as possible." he promised as he started moving again. "Mmm, your ass is so tight!" Raichu panted and moaned, his cock throbbing under Lopunny. He gasped feeling the large cock move in and out of him with his cock rubbing against his stomach. He hugs the normal type closely while panting heavy breaths. "More…" Lopunny looks at him. "You sure?" Raichu nodded. With that, the bunny started to move faster into the Raichu's ass. All the while feeling the ass get tighter and tighter. He tried to lick the mouse's neck in an effort to comfort him.
Raichu moaned from the licking and felt Lopunny move faster with the cock making a bulge in his stomach. "I think I'm going to cum again." Raichu moaned out. "Then I'll make sure to fill you up like a balloon." After a couple thrust, Raichu moaned out and covered Lopunny's belly fur with cum. That made the normal type groan as he moved faster before his girth started twitching. 'Here it comes.' he braced himself and groaned out feeling the hot seed pour into him and saw his stomach bloat a little from the amount pouring in.
He moaned from the amount, feeling oddly good. Lopunny pulled out panting and saw his sperm slowly drip out. "That actually… felt pleasant." Raichu said blushing from the sight of his stomach. "I gotta say, it was hot." grinned the normal type. Raichu chuckled, "Well I won't be needing to eat for a while it seems." he jokes. "Don't worry, it'll all drip out in no time." "Well… thanks for helping out with my problem." he said blushing as he got up. "I got to be heading home now." "Alright, just let me know when you want me to pound your little hole and I'll be there." he grinned smacking Raichu's ass.
He yelped as he felt that as he opened the door, heading outside. He looked at the Lopunny winking at him before the door shut. "That wasn't a moment I was expected." Raichu blushed as he rubbed his sore ass, remembering the moment. 'Maybe I should lay off girls for a while.' he thought as he started to walk off, taking one more look at the cottage. "I might be visiting this place more often."