The forest was quiet, as usual. What else would you expect from a forest? Loud noises and lots of people?
Hell no.
Not only quiet, but dark and practically empty, all the residents tucked away and asleep for the night. The breeze was gentle, only rustling the leaves slightly and adding to the relaxing atmosphere along with the chirping of Kricketune, the moon high in the sky and bathing the forest in its soft pale light. This was just the time of night he liked. Lucario found it very relaxing to just walk around the forest in this atmosphere, no one bothering him just him and his Aura powers which he trained extensively.
"Concentrate…concentrate…the Aura is with me…" He repeated in his mind. It was almost a ritual, a daily, even an hourly ritual to hone his control over the Aura and improve it as much as he could. Like all Lucario, he developed a consistent fear at birth that his powers would gradually weaken over time, and eventually vanish all together. Without the Aura guiding him, surviving out here would be impossible. And if a Trainer happened to capture him, he would be unable to perform the tasks a Lucario swears to perform, such as protecting their Trainer from all harm. Just the thought of losing the power…
Lucario's eye lids twitched as the thought nearly made him lose his concentration. "Concentrate Lucario! Concentrate for Arceus's sake! You're better than this!"
The blue-furred jackal Pokémon used his aura sense to look at the blue cloud of aura building. He smiled but managed to keep the same constant level of concentration. To give himself an extra incentive to train harder, he swore to himself if he failed to focus every hour, he would not eat for the rest of that day. Sure, it sounds extreme to do something like that to himself, but it was very effective, especially during the wee morning hours.
The Aura Sphere gradually expanded in his paws as he walked along, his eyes glowing beneath his eye lids. His muzzle twitched as he concentrated all power into his paws. His muscles twitched everywhere, mainly in his paws. He smirked happily as the orb grew to overtake his paws, a soft humming coming from the sphere. The immediate area glowed a soft blue in the light it produced.
"Come on, you can do it…just a little more…" he said, gritting his teeth as he pumped more energy into the sphere. He stopped in his tracks to concentrate fully, give his aura- produced weapon all his attention. Damn him if this was easy, because it wasn't. Yes the orb was at least the size of his head and completely concealed his paws from even his aura sight.
"Just…a little…more…" he said, bearing his fangs as he forced more energy into the orb. Strenuous training like this made him wonder many, many times before if what he was doing was rational. He never met a Lucario, or even an Alakazam who trained this extensively. It was strange… Many called him crazy for it; kill himself in Aura training, or no eating. They just…didn't understand. Lucario wanted to be his best, give it his all for Arceus's sake!
The humming Aura Sphere got louder, gradually. The translucent insides of the orb twisted and turned like an out of control planetarium, a vortex sucking up everything. This much forced concentration put a lot of stress on his body but he did his best to ignore it; he could handle it. If he survived the rampage of four furious Gyrados, he could keep his own powers in control. His heart beat faster and faster, his lungs struggling to supply him with adequate air; his whole body tried to keep up with him. The orb continued to expand and shake as the power became so great he knew it would burst if he didn't keep control. No, no don't fail. Don't let it go. Concentrate…
Somewhere nearby in the same exact forest (obviously), another lone Pokémon wandered around on all fours, sniffing at the ground occasionally like a tracking dog. Its dark fur blended it in with the equally dark scenery, making him totally invisible to the naked eye. The Pokémon was a Zoroark, a male one. Like all Zoroark his body was naturally slender yet muscular with a long and pointed muzzle, thick red mane flowing behind him, and like all other Zoroark he had a sly yet fierce nature, as well as a few naughty attributes. Pokémon scientists knew this about Zoroarks but they were unable to discover where this nature came into play; the truth was Zoroark were know to be naughty when mating. And this Zoroark was no exception.
He sighed to himself as he rubbed a patch of grass with his paw for no particular reason; mostly because he was bored. He pushed himself up and stood up on his back legs, hanging his arms at his side as he went along that way, the pads of his feet making his trek across the grassy landscape more quiet. He too liked the forest when it was quiet and dark, for the most part. He liked it when he had something to do. It set the mood for whatever he was doing and because he preferred to do most things without anyone around the quiet surroundings helped add to the serenity of the atmosphere. He could move around and practice his Illusion without fear of confrontation from neither Pokémon or human.
But on nights like this, when he had nothing to do, he couldn't just enjoy the beauty of his home like most would, especially at night when it was hard to see. Granted he could see in the dark, but it's hard to enjoy things in the darkness. For most males it was unfortunate the forest was nearly empty at this time of night, at this time of the year. And, which time might it be? The season, the season when females go into heat. There was just one problem though. Even though his male body was still affected by the scent of a female in heat and it aroused him greatly, he wanted a male. A nice little male Pokémon to have "fun" with. You could call it one of those "naughty" quirks his species are known for, if you wanted to.
"This whole forest can't be empty…" He mumbled. "I can't be the only Pokémon around here." Standing close to the tree line he ran his paw across each one he passed, feeling the warm bark and the life radiating through each one. It was amazing, these trees, as lifeless as they seemed, were as alive as he was… Zoroark smiled softly. It was amazing what the creator Arceus did with his powers, creating this wonderful world for humans and Pokémon to thrive in…
He looked up at the canopies of the trees as he walked along, making light little patterns in the wood but not breaking the surface of the bark. He looked away from the trees, his pace declining to a slow walk. He wondered if he should just give up and head back to his den because he searched for a possible mate the past couple of days or so, and had no luck yet. But that was mostly his fault because he didn't venture too far from the perimeter around his den. Yeah, he could see in the dark but he wasn't too reliant on it. He could get lost at any time.
Zoroark rubbed his muzzle and stopped next to the nearest tree, looking at the grass. Another night without finding a male, what shitty luck. Time to throw in the towel again and head on back to the den. He turned around and took a single step closer to his den before a sharp flash off in the trees caught his attention. His head snapped to the left and a glimmer of hope sparked inside him. He spent so many waist hours searching for a male that he was certain it was just his mind telling him what he wanted to know, telling him what he wanted to hear.
But a second flash told him otherwise. This was a new sight! That had to be a Pokémon! He hoped, at least. Either way he turned back around and got on all fours before taking off running as fast as he could towards the source, his excitement going up tenfold. He pinpointed the exact location of the light as he darted through the trees, careful not to slip up.
"Oh please Arceus let it be a male…" Arceus has a way of playing with his subjects, messing with them. Knowing his luck, the mighty Pokémon god probably made the source of the light come from a female Pokémon or one who couldn't mate, like Bronzong or Magneton. He didn't want to run all the way over there only to find his hopes dashed. He followed the sound carefully, listening for when it got louder; but all he really had to do was follow the light.
Eventually he found the cause of the disturbance in the tranquil ambiance, and could not believe his eyes. In the middle of the little clearing a single Lucario stood there, charging a rather large Aura Sphere in his paws. Zoroark couldn't believe his eyes but he quickly dove behind a tree to hide from the Pokémon's possible Aura Sight.
He peeked from behind the tree, looking at him. He could tell it was a male, due to the lack of breasts and the masculine muscle structure. Was Arceus smiling down on him this evening, because he just struck gold. Zoroark smiled from ear to ear.
"My my, you're really working hard there…" he whispered to no one in particular. By the looks of it the Lucario was a young one, younger than him anyway, and a little smaller. Just a little. Zoroark licked his muzzle slowly, feeling the soft warm air touch the tip of his cock barely poking out from his furry grey sheath. Already the jackal was arousing him…
His body was nicely shaped in such a way that it gave him this cute boyish look, and that's what he liked in a male; it complimented their youth nicely. He couldn't really see his rear end from this angle but he knew he wanted to see it. Oh, such a cute little Lucario. He had to have him and he knew exactly how to do it.
"I know what will attract you…what will lure you…" he said, a devilish smile coming across his muzzle. "A little disguise." The illusory Fox Pokémon stepped back a few from the tree and leapt into the air, his body enveloped in a purple light; he landed softly in a new transformation, that of a female Lucario.
He stood there in his new form, looking at his body to make sure he had all the features that would make him attractive to any male. He looked behind him and set his paws on his new perfectly rounded rear end, giggling softly as he felt the soft blue fur. Before he could make any further observations the heat took its effect on his new body. His entire body grew hot and spread mainly to his new opening, lips pushing out moisture and a sweet odor into the air. Zoroark made a soft whining sound at the strange sensations, a paw shooting down between his legs and rubbing his pussy.
"W-Wow, this is so new…" he giggled, rubbing the back of his head as he fingered himself, panting and moaning softly, his nipples hardening and more juice building up within him. So this was what it was like to be a female in heat; he disguised himself as a female many times before but never during the season. Strong desire flooded his feminine frame and all he could think about was sex. Sex…sex…nothing but sex. He giggled and panted, unable to help himself, it was just so interesting to do this. He looked up from watching his body react to how the Lucario would react…
Lucario grunted and growled, his paws aching as he forced himself to hold on to the Aura Sphere; it was easily up to his forearms and he could its power increasing dramatically. It was of good size for an Aura Sphere, quite possibly a new record.
"Yes, I'm getting it! I'm…" Lucario was so certain he could keep the orb for much longer. His mind set firmly on his energy-produced sphere, eliminating all other thoughts. Meditation, full-blown meditation. All worries pushed to the back of his head, just focusing on the orb. The Aura Sphere required so much of his energy he had to take short breaths through his nose every few seconds, and on the next sniff, his nose picked up the smell. The smell, the smell that made his eyes shoot open.
Just like that the Aura Sphere exploded in his paws like a mild explosive, creating a loud bursting sound and sending him flat on his rear. Lucario wanted to scream out loud, if he wasn't so tired. He had to catch his breath, breathing hard through his open mouth and the stress on his body finally catching up to him.
"No…a-after all…that…work…!" Lucario whined unhappily, rubbing his forehead and sitting up. He was tired but he was a strong Pokémon so his energy came back rather quickly. Only when he resumed breathing through his nose did he pick up the smell again, and realize what it was.
Female in heat.
"Oh…I almost…forgot…" he panted, standing up automatically and looking around the forest. The scent made his own body react normally and his sheath parted open for his pointed shaft, gradually sliding further out. It was amazing what a female's scent could do; one minute he focused all his energy on that one Aura Sphere…now he wanted to mate. Lucario didn't know where the smell could be coming from until a gentle giggle and the sound of rustling leaves told him where to go. He closed his eyes and the forest was bathed with dark blue aura; a light blue shape moving through the forest ahead, a familiar shape, made him smile brightly.
"You're not getting away from me…" he said softly and licked his muzzle before he took a step back and prepped himself before he took off running after the shape, using his aura sight to find her exact location. She ran away from him, getting further and further away. Grunting as he dodged the trees, he gasped for air already as his pace started to weaken; he didn't give his body a long enough rest. He clenched his eyes and grit his teeth, barely dodging a tree and almost losing the female in the process.
He watched her, a little blue dot in the distance. Damn, she was fast. Maybe a little too fast, because she soon disappeared from his sight. Damn it! Lucario growled madly but continued running for a little while longer, soon coming to a stop to catch his breath. Boy, he needed a nice long rest…
Lucario opened his eyes and found himself in front of a slightly elevated cave opening in the face of a mountain. Did she go in here, he wondered? There was only one way to find out; he needed to mate and if she was in there, he would find her. Cautious he stepped into the dark cave, the moonlight allowing him to see only a few feet in.
"Is this a trap of sorts…?" Lucario thought, his red eyes narrowing and a deep grunt coming out of him. "Heat can make a female act so strange…"
He stared into the darkness, his eyes well-adjusted to the low light level. He could barely make out the features of the figure standing not too far back, and he could tell what it was; what she was. He swallowed slightly, because the female was a Lucario. And by the looks of it, she had a very nice body…
"Hello there, handsome boy…" a feminine voice radiated from the figure, full of friendliness and a lot of playfulness. A drop of sweat went down his face as he watched the female step closer, her frame slightly visible in the soft dark. Arceus…she did have an amazing body. Her hips formed a nice hourglass shape with a nicely rounded rear end on the bottom, two firm ripe breasts adorned on her chest like crown jewels of a royal family, tall pointed ears, a nice ruffle of fur around her neck, and finally a long flowing tail wagging behind her.
She was…perfect. But if only he knew what was hiding beneath that illusion…
"You…y-you were the one running from me, weren't you?" Lucario asked, panting as the heat flooded his nostrils.
The female came closer to him, close enough so the moonlight could shine down on her and reveal the features of her whole body; the most notable one being the shimmering juice soaked into the fur of her thighs. Lucario stared; he didn't mean to, but he could not help it.
"I'm sorry I broke your concentration back there," she said in an apologetic voice. "My heat made me do it. You're very handsome…"
Lucario's face went red, making his face a soft shade of purple, more so as she walked around him. It seemed she had tastes when it came to choosing a mate. At least that's what he could make out, and she was just making sure he had all the features of a good mate. But he had different plans for her. When he back faced towards him he reached back and firmly grabbed her rear end. Zoroark giggled in his disguise, looking back at him with lusty red eyes.
"Oh, you're as eager as I am aren't you?" she asked in a soft voice, touching his paw and rubbing it across her rear end. Lucario smiled and licked his lips, turning to her and gripping her ass with both paws.
"M-Mm…" Zoroark moaned and rubbed his firm breasts, pussy dripping sweet honey freely. Lucario panted and took a deep whiff of the sweet air and smiled brightly. It was absolutely intoxicating, the best smell in the world to a male. His arousal slid further out of its furry casing, up to the round ball of flesh and the base that would lock him to his mate. He was quite thick already, but that was no surprise when it came to Pokémon like Lucario.
"You like that don't you babe?"" Lucario asked the aroused female in a sly tone of voice as he groped her slender hips. She simply nodded and looked back at him, pushing her rear on his paws. Lucario gave a soft moan-like sound and rubbed his paw up the length of her tail, circling the very base with a single claw. Still looking at him she stuck her ass out and lifted her tail up, the furry appendage curling up over her arched back, showing her submission to him. Zoroark's ecstasy elevated madly; he had to finger himself to relieve the pleasure building inside him. Making his moves based on her reactions (he could tell he was doing good) Lucario slowly slid a paw under her tail and felt her tailhole; much to his surprise she was not tight back there, but very loose.
"W-Wow…y-you're pretty loose…" Lucario said in a weak voice, feeling ill all of a sudden. A female…with a loosened ass. Oh, how…how…Lucario couldn't even find the right words to describe it. Zoroark smiled and purred softly. That wasn't part of the Illusion like the rest of his body; he was really that loose back there.
"Uhuh…" she said, nodding slowly. "I'm…a bit of an ass slut…" She panted and smiled. Lucario swallowed as he felt his insides grow hot. He could not help himself, he just couldn't. He rubbed her loosened hole with his soft furry fingers, lightly pressing it inside. Zoroark groaned and panted harder as he bucked back against his paw.
"Mm…you…" she moaned, her soaked thighs creating a pool of liquid under her. Lucario wiggled his finger around inside, feeling her warm muscles and quickly getting acquainted with them. Zoroark leaned his head back and panted louder, paw moving faster along his flared and sensitive folds. He wondered how much longer he should keep the Illusion up, because he didn't want to do it like this much longer…
The air was thick and sweet, no more room for clean and fresh air. He made a slight yipping sound when he felt Lucario's rod on his ass. He buckled slightly and panted louder before starting to move forward. Lucario moved along with until she leaned against the wall, pressing her paws on the stone and sticking her ass out for him so his fingers could feel more. Lucario's eyes went all over her body and he wondered if was possible for a female to have this perfect of a body. Was he dreaming, or was this possibly some kind of trick? Hell, he wasn't sure…
Zoroark was amused; his illusion fooled the Lucario completely. Of course if he tried without the illusion the sexy male might've refused him. He still wondered, really, really wondered, what would happen if he let his ruse dissolve…
"It's so…please don't get…mad but…it's so rare for a female to h-have an ass t-this..lo-oose…" he said, smiling gently and licking his muzzle. Zoroark looked back at him and smiled, shaking his head. Lucario nodded and pushed his finger in a little deeper, loving the reaction he got from her. But what he didn't expect was for her to reach back, take hold of his wrist, and move it for him. He watched with widened eyes as she fucked herself with his hand, moaning and making other pleasured noises. While she did that, Lucario rubbed his hard shaft with his other paw and greatly enjoyed watching her.
"You're so…s-so hot…" Lucario breathed out as he became even more aroused, closing his eyes as he jerked off. Her grip tightened around his wrist as she moved his paw with more speed and force. He winced as her claws dug into her skin and accidentally made his aura senses go off.
As soon as they went off and he saw the light blue figure in front of him, his mind immediately told him something was wrong. He was no longer looking at a Lucario. He opened his eyes, thinking he was crazy, but a Lucario was certainly standing there. But with his aura sight, it was an entirely different Pokémon looking back at him. A long red mane flowed down its back; that was all he could see from the rear other than the Pokémon lacking…certain feminine features. Lucario opened his eyes as he panted nervously, his heart beat getting louder.
"What…w-what are you?" he asked with a slight growl, pulling away from the female.
Zoroark felt him leave, and within a second he knew he saw through his ruse. But he wasn't nervous, not one bit. Not after all they did so far…
She smiled at him and turned around and smiled before she leapt into the air and became the pink glowing orb before shifting back into his true form, right in front of him. Lucario's eyes widened in complete shock. She was really a Zoroark? He realized he was fooled by her Illusion; the notorious Illusion. But his guess of "her" gender was corrected when he saw the thick red appendage sticking up between "her" legs.
The Zoroark was a male!
"W…What the hell is this…?" Lucario said weakly stepping back from the male.
Zoroark smiled and chuckled mischievously, a soft purr coming from his throat. Lucario bit his lip nervously and completely involuntarily looked down at the dark fox's thick rod; even the knot was inflated and he was…fairly big.
"Do you like what you see?" he asked as he advanced towards him and gaining a deep blush from the jackal who looked away.
He was tricked, and it made him mad…though he was thoroughly confused. He wasn't tearing the Zoroark's throat out for pulling that trick on him; he was still aroused as a matter of fact because the scent of heat hung thickly in the air. Did he like what happened even though he was close to actually fucking another male? He tried to go over the answer in his head but a grab to his shoulders ended all that and he was brought to the ground by the Illusory Fox, in between his legs.
Lucario wanted to say something but found himself without words as the larger fox stared at him, paws gripped on his shoulders. He stared back, gritting his teeth and growling with just a little threat.
"You're such a sexy little Lucario…" the Zoroark said with a lot of lust in his voice, a single red claw stroking the fur of his cobalt cheek. Lucario growled and tried to pull away, looking down at the organ covered with natural lubrication that was so close to his belly. He knew what he wanted to do with that, and yet he still did not fight it all the way.
Zoroark's paw touched his chest, running his claws through the soft fur and making circles around the sharp spike. Lucario groaned and looked him in the eyes, his own glowing faintly. Zoroark wasn't afraid of what Lucario could do to him. He seemed confident Lucario wouldn't fight back…
The Fighting-type clenched his paws shut as his back was stroked like a male would with a female. That's how he started to feel as Zoroark touched his body everywhere; his hips, highs, waist, chest, all of it. All of it was touched.
"Stop…t-touching me…" he growled and made a little noise when Zoroark suddenly grabbed his rear end. His tail twitched up on its own, lifting up slightly in the pending sign of submission, like a female wanting to be mated.
Zoroark smirked and ran his paw up and down the underside of his long tail. Lucario felt his body relaxing under his gentle touching. He was greatly confused by the way his body was reacting. He was a male, not a female for crying out loud! But the horny Zoroark seemed to like it that way.
Lucario had to look down at his cock and winced as it throbbed and leaked thick fluid, dripping on Zoroark's thigh. His body needed as much of a release as he knew Zoroark's did; or in this case, as much as he wanted. One of them was going to take it up the tailpipe, and he had a feeling it was not going to be Zoroark. The fox smirked again. The paw pressing on his back extended his chest towards him. Lucario looked away and panted softly, grabbing Zoroark's thick wrists in an attempt to keep them in place.
"S-Stop it…" he said, glaring slightly at him with an open mouth and pushing his paws away. "I'm a male dammit, a male…"
"I know," he affirmed. "I happen to like males…" he gave Lucario's tail a hard tug. The smaller male let out a sharp cry of pain but was cut short; Zoroark took the brief opportunity of his open mouth and pulled him into a kiss.
Lucario's eyes widened and he flushed like mad as his pulse went up. Now he was being kissed by another male! Lucario's paws pressed on his thick black shoulders but in a brief moment, for only a second or two, it felt like he was trying to pull him closer, rather than push him away…
He held the sexy young Lucario in his paws as he caressed the cobalt fur. He knew based on his reactions the canine was a virgin back there. A virgin… He would be so tight…so nice, hot, and tight…
Lucario groaned and clenched his eyes when Zoroark's tongue began sliding into his mouth. It was hot and wet, and because of their close to equal-length muzzles it was hard to maneuver around. But that didn't mean he didn't try. Zoroark tilted his muzzle to the side so he could kiss him deeper, rubbing the roof of his mouth. He held his shoulders tightly, weakly trying to push him away but not doing much about it. He allowed the fox to have his mouth. He shivered immensely when the fox rubbed their tongues together, their taste buds exchanging strange and indescribable flavors.
Zoroark grinned over the kiss as he gave Lucario's rear a firm slap with his right paw, gaining a soft and muffled "oh", followed by a little whine. Zoroark's twitched and he sighed softly, the whine sounding so cute to him, reminiscent of a little pup's whine. Just when Lucario thought things couldn't get more complicated he felt the Dark Pokémon's red-hot length rub against his own. His body was already hot and sweaty from the heat transferred by the other male, and now it was blazing like an Infernape's insides, scorching him from the inside out. Lucario automatically extended his claws and lightly stabbed his shoulders as a small warning. Zoroark winced but ignored the slight discomfort as he grinded their caninehoods together, the throbbing red skin hot to the touch. Lucario clenched his eyes tightly and grit his teeth hard, pleasure rocketing through him.
Zoroark's paws were still planted firmly on Lucario's rear, claws playing with his tail every few seconds. He thought he was done when he felt a single paw leave, but seconds later it came back and two claws were wet. They traveled over his ass as they went closer to the center until his tips made contact with his tight little hole.
Lucario gasped and breathed in hard, finally able to break away from the kiss, their mouths covered with saliva.
"N-Not there…anywhere b-but there…" he growled as he dug his claws into his shoulders. Zoroark winced again, smirking slightly. Feeling such a tight little virgin ass around his claws made him lick his lips hungrily, immense desire filling him. He wanted the Aura Pokémon. He wanted him badly…
Lucario moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure as a single claw penetrated him, his inexperienced rear opening up for the foreign object. Zoroark licked his muzzle back and forth, left to right, wetting the fur around his mouth with more thick saliva. He held the perfect male against him and purred softly at him, rubbing his soft bottom and wiggling the thin claw tip around as it pushed a little deeper with great gentleness.
"G-Get it out….Get i-it out…" he whined and growled, his eyes still shut. Zoroark's claw was hard; very, very hard and he could feel how smooth it was, allowing for an easier entry.
"You're so tight back there…it's so cute…" the Dark-type droned, licking the side of his face as he worked his claw in and out of him, stretching his virgin walls as it went a bit deeper. Lucario's fur dampened with perspiration. This new feeling brought so many new sensations all at once, some of them painful. His innards squeezed slightly starting at the base of his stomach and slowly working its way up. His long tail stayed lifted up and allowed Zoroark to finger him without interference.
The jackal could have used his aura powers to overpower the fox a long time ago…but the only problem was he could not concentrate. There were too many distractions he could not focus on anything. It was like he feared, losing his powers, unable to use them. His knot ached, his member begging for a release. The stimulation in his rectum made it harder to resist Zoroark's advances, as his middle claws tickled his rim before he made room and slid it through his ring muscle. Lucario made a shaky gasping sound as he shook his head. He was stretched further open, knowing Zoroark was doing this to prepare him for what was going to happen. Zoroark pulled him close, their bodies full-on touching except of his chest because of the chest spike. He was getting impatient with himself but continued on with his work, greatly enjoying Lucario's reaction as he stroked his back as he did before, running his claws through the soft fur.
"T-Take them out…they h-hurt…" he lied, just wanting them out of his rectum as he panted and groaned softly. He could feel his tight walls hugging the claws, sucking at them greedily. He looked far back and arched slightly to look at it, his insides going tight at the sight of Zoroark's paw working at his anus.
"Alright cutie, no claws?" Zoroark asked, cocking his head to the side. He expected this from Lucario; all virgins were nervous about being claw-fucked. Who wouldn't be? Lucario shook his head and whined as his wish was granted and the claws slid slowly from his opening. His rear felt like it was gaping open, gasping for air, stretched open by the invasive fingers. He kept his eyes closed, heart beating hard in his chest.
The next question made his eyes widen: "Are you ready?"
The young Lucario gasped, his mouth hanging open. Oh Arceus, this was it. "I…I-I don't k-know…"
No matter what answer he gave him Zoroark turned him around in his lap and moved him forward where Lucario had to stop his fall by pressing his paws on the cave floor. He whined as Zoroark moved his legs into position so he was in the doggy-style position. Not once did Lucario ever imagine himself like this in front of another male, but now that it was actually happening he felt…excited.
"You're so sexy…so hot, so attractive…" Zoroark said in a dreamy-like voice as he kissed the small of his back. Lucario growled when he smacked his rear again, his arms tensing up. He was still confused, knowing damn well if he regretted doing this it would be his fault. But he was giving in to him, letting himself be taken over by the dark fox like a female. He was sure he wanted this as much as he did…the smell of heat still flowed through his respiratory system and he was still very aroused. That moment he started wondering how it would feel to be mated by another male…
"You a-a-ass…you t-tricked me…" he growled in a small voice, shaky as he stared back at him with slightly glazed eyes. Zoroark smile barely fell and he growled slightly, running his paw up his back and stroking his shoulders.
"You wouldn't have agreed if I came to you…like this." He pointed out, rubbing his rear with his soft silky paw, long pink tongue flicking across the fur.
"I…I…I-I…Oh…" he stammered, closing his eyes and panting like a dog in heat, head hanging down. His cock throbbed and dripped out the pent-up load it carried. Zoroark's hot tongue made his spine arch and shiver. He grunted sharply when the thick paw made contact with his ass again. The tremor spread through his nerves and he dripped harder. Another swat, right after the last made his tail hike up further, standing erect in the air. The fox liked spanking him for some reason. It made him…anxious.
Zoroark went lower and moved his paw to brush the back of Lucario's furry balls. He played with them slightly, gently scratching them with those two claws. Lucario's hips involuntarily thrust his hips forward, pre spurting up onto his soft belly. Zoroark giggled and messed with him down there before giving him a soft lick, running his tongue all the way up to his tight pucker.
"O-Oh…Knock it o-off…" he grunted, digging his claws into the dirt. Both paws gripped his bottom as Zoroark exposed more of his tight back door. He felt so drawn to it, like it was just begging for him. He wanted to take the cute Lucario right up his tight tailhole, feel it around him.
Lucario waited in that position for what Zoroark was going to do next. At this point he didn't know what to expect from the naughty Pokémon. Would his…shaft come next or if he would try something else on him. Now, his biggest fear was he wouldn't be able to take him up there and wouldn't come out without injury. He narrowed his eyes and closed his mouth when hot breath billowed over his rear. Lucario looked back to see Zoroark's face close to his ass. His blue eyes shimmered in the moonlight, locking with his red spheres. He stared at him, searching for an ounce of something. He didn't know what he wanted to see though. Something, anything…
"Let's get you nice and wet…" Zoroark said with a soft smile. Lucario couldn't see with his tail blocking part of his face. At first he didn't know what he meant but when a hot and wet sensation touched his hole, his breath went shaky in an instant.
T-Take it o-out…It f-feels so ugh…weird…" Lucario moaned, leaning on his elbows and breathing deep and slow. His tongue was slick and hot, more soft and flexible than his claws. There was no doubt about it anymore as Zoroark explored his rectal cavity; he was getting very excited. Even if he did take the place of the female.
"Mm…wonderful…" Zoroark thought blissfully as he tasted the superb musk that could only come from a male. The purpose of this was to lubricate his tunnel even though the natural moisture built on his member from inside his sheath would make it slick enough, but he wanted to make it nice and wet. Zoroark brought up more saliva and applied it to his tailhole, pushing his tongue in and out, slightly mimicking the motions of sex.
Lucario shook his head as pleasure flooded him and a deep groan escaped him. His knot pulsated madly, actually hurting from the lack of attention. It was driving him mad, as well was Zoroark's licking. He licked, sucked, nibbled, just about everything that left the young male whimpering.
"Enough fooling around, he's wet enough. I must have him now…" Zoroark mumbled under his breath. Even though he didn't want to leave his rear end, he forced himself to, his lust-filled mind drowning with thoughts of the other male. The dark fox straightened up and licked his muzzle with hunger; pure, carnal hunger. Lucario's eyes went wide as Zoroark's paws went around his waist. His teeth clenched as the sharp tip of the male's cock touched his tight virgin tailhole.
Zoroark sat up straight, a sly smile on his face as he set his paws on his lower back and rubbing them the up to his shoulders all the way down to his rump. He stared at his rear and he gave it another swat, unable to help himself. The jackal yipped loudly and his tailhole automatically tightened around his tip for a second.
"Get ready cutie…" he said in a soft and lusty voice "To take it up your cute little tailhole."
Lucario blushed hard at his words, talking to him like he was a female. He straightened himself up and grunted as Zoroark began pushing inside with gradual slowness. He played with his back and rear end continuously. He felt some kind of attraction to his rear, something he could not explain. He always had a thing for cute males like this Lucario, and he just could not get enough of it. Lucario moaned and panted to the air, expelling the intense heat building. The clenching of his body crept back on him like a thief in the night, gripping his stomach like a hand squeezed it in a tight vice. Zoroark panted along with him, growling as his tongue fell out the front of his muzzle. The jackal was so tight and clenched him like a tight silken glove, making him go mad with lust. The saliva coating his rear like a clear glaze and the natural lubrication on his cock allowed him to slid in with ease.
"O-Oh…I-It's…Mm…" Lucario grunted with pain and pleasure, forcing his body to loosen as it automatically tightened around him. Zoroark held the base of his dick to help guide him in accurately, lifting himself off his knees slightly to come in at a downward angle. The jackal moaned at the feeling and dug his claws into the dirt, leaning his head back as soft dog-like pants came from his muzzle. Zoroark lifted his paw and brought it down on his ass, the young Pokémon arching his back and groaning sharply as he pushed it up to the knot.
"It's in…Oh Arceus…" Lucario huffed into the air as Zoroark stayed firmly in place, his paws rested on his lower back. His tongue flicked up across his nose as he watched the Lucario's lithe body quiver. Already he was wiggling with pleasure, and he hadn't even started yet. Not wanting to waist a moment of control he pulled halfway out of his sucking walls and slammed back inside. Lucario practically whined at the sudden feeling and gasped for air, unable to keep himself from thrusting back on him.
Zoroark's eyes narrowed and he breathed out his arousal, simply setting his paws on his hips and lightly grabbing them as he pushed forward once, twice, repeating the motion before eventually setting on a gentle rhythm. Pressure built down below and hot cum dripped from his enlarged tip like a leaky faucet on the same are as before, adding to the little puddle beneath him. Lucario found himself moaning softly with Zoroark's thrusts, his head hanging down and his eyes clamped shut. He honestly never thought he would be taking a male up his ass, feeling it throb inside him. But, he liked the feeling and he was anxious to feel more. Zoroark's eyes did not leave the Lucario beneath him, his paws stroking his sides once more. The tan fur soft under his silky paws he rubbed him in a circular motion and disheveled a patch, doing it just to hear his lover's relaxed moans. Any noise he made he wanted to hear, and he loved how it flowed over his pointed ears.
Lucario's arms quiver as he looked between his legs at his throbbing arousal. He didn't know it had gotten that big, the way it would inside a female. The knot was thicker than ever and it dripped so much pre he was amazed he had not cum yet. Out of complete curiosity the canine lifted his head and looked back at Zoroark to see him stroking and licking his tail, arm snaking around his waist. Lucario half-closed his eyes and moaned softly as he looked into the larger male's eyes, planted firmly on his paws and knees so he could thrust into his willing and ever so loosening body.
His tongue traveled from one side of his muzzle to the other as he leaned forward over a little, panting in time with the other male's panting. Lucario adjusted the positioning of his body, clenching his paws and taking a slow deep breath. The bottom lungs clenched like his stomach did, his diaphragm pressing against his chest. The way his walls spread open and welcomed Zoroark in filled him with sharp stinging sensations, another shaky breath coming out of him. Zoroark kept the same steady rhythm present in his pelvic thrusts not letting them go above the constant, swatting Lucario's butt as just to hear him yip and moan. He let the furry blue tail fall to his sides so it could wag freely and he could focus his paws elsewhere. His right paw snaked around his stomach and he gently rubbed Lucario up his torso all the way down to his upper thigh, his touch avoiding his hardened manhood on purpose. The jackal whined and slightly and tried to touch the back of his paw with a single thrust but Zoroark pulled his paw up before it could happen.
Lucario whined pathetically and looked back at him. He smirked at the smaller male and scratched the back of his neck, stroking the tuft of tan fur. The petting, it reminded him of his mother holding him when he was a newborn pup, nuzzling him and rocking him to sleep. This gave him the same relaxing feeling…
Zoroark moaned into the thick cave air, his broad black-furred chest rising and falling. His paws constantly went to other parts of his body as he searched for the best place to hold him for leverage, finally sticking with just holding his hips. Lucario's insides were getting increasingly sensitive like those of a female, the muscles clenching him tightly and conforming to his size. It felt like his whole body was trying to adjust just from having taken Zoroark in.
"Mm…it's i-it's so…ugh…" Lucario grunted with each thrust that sent him swaying forward, Zoroark's pelvis hitting him hard and slapping his furry orbs against his rear. Lucario sucked in a sharp breath and arched slightly, vocalizing his pleasure for the older male to hear. He shifted his legs back to lean forward and let him have more room for penetration, forcing his tensed and excited body to relax and loosen his rear muscles.
"Relax cutie…just relax." Zoroark whispered, his voice soft and comforting in a way as his paws pressed on the small of his back. Lucario closed his eyes and thrust back against him, taking his words in and trying harder to relax. He panted and gasped, for it was very hard; he was as relaxed as he possibly could at the moment but his rectum kept tightening. Zoroark grunted as he pulled up to the very tip and waited for a few seconds before slamming back in, both males moaning in pure delight at once. Again Zoroark lifted himself up to achieve a few downward thrusts, his thick foxhood angled just right so the bulging underside would make contact with that special, sensitive spot inside. Lucario wheezed as pleasure electrified his nerves. A thin flow of fluids leaked from his tip and added to the puddle, his moaning becoming louder as he instantly desired to feel more.
Zoroark however, didn't feel very pleased. He frowned, his pace slowing down. He did not feel satisfied with the position any longer. He wanted something different as his own desire came up: the desire to feel more of his young lithe frame and the soft fur covering it. Lucario looked back at Zoroark with confusion and worry, hoping he wasn't getting tired. He whimpered when he pulled out and left him with a strange empty feeling, which he did not like. Opening his mouth to protest he was stopped when Zoroark pulled him up by his hips, looking back at the fox as he pulled them both to their feet. Zoroark stood over Lucario and stroked his side, the jackal blushing and smiling at him.
"Lean forward cutie. I'm going to try something new." The Dark-type droned into his ear.
Lucario nodded and did so, craning his trunk forward and presenting himself to him. He could not help himself and asked, "What are you…going to do?"
Zoroark would let him find out. His paws clamped around his waist as he held Lucario in place, lifting him up slightly to slide his way back into his ass. Lucario quivered and panted out loud, leaning over a little more to give him more space to maneuver. A sly smile came to Zoroark as he resumed thrusting. The Aura Pokémon stuck his rear out and spread his legs apart; he wasn't sure how much room or help he would need, but he wanted to make sure he had all he needed; he wanted more, as much as the bigger male had to offer.
The next thrust brought their furry body together with a soft "whump", Zoroark's balls smacking him once more and he wrapped his thick forearms around his hips and pulled his rear against his pelvis, his thick knot pressing and throbbing in between them. Lucario's eyes went wide as his throbbing arousal squirted thin liquid up on his stomach. Everything felt so good…his body, his knot, his thick hot member…all of it drove his body mad with lust and he just could not stay quiet; a pleasured moan escaped him every second. He held his thick wrists with a soft grasp, pressing himself eagerly into his strong warm body, their masculine frames rubbing and smacking together in the heated sexual engagement, moaning in the air together as the pleasure they experienced flowed through their grinding bodies.
Lucario finally wrapped a paw around his cock and stroked it softly, panting louder than ever now. "O-Oh…so goooood…"
Zoroark smiled and licked the back of his head and touched his paw before pulling it away from his shaft. "Allow me…"
Lucario watched his paw wrap around the hot red and resume for him. He groaned loudly as Zoroark jerked him off, his tongue dripping thick saliva onto the back of his paw. Mixtures of fluids dripped onto the floor as Lucario thrust into his palm, his other paw tightening around his wrist. Before anything else could even happen Zoroark got a change of heart and let him go, but not before giving the knot a soft squeeze.
Lucario huffed and chuckled softly. "That didn't…l-last long…"
"Well, I don't want you…cumming too soon." The fox replied, pressing on him hard as his tempo went up. Lucario gripped him tighter as he felt his insides stretching at a more constant pace than they did before. His weight went directly into his pelvis and each pound impacting with the jackal made him grunt sharply, clenching his teeth and eyes shut. Zoroark pressed his forehead into Lucario's shoulder as he carefully timed their thrusts, missing the timing on a few but getting it perfectly on most. Either way, they both loved it. His knot bulged like made, the veiny ball of flesh pushing on his anus with every powerful thrust he let off on him. With Lucario in a tight hug he kept him firmly in place so he could feel his fur and warm body heat, among other obvious reasons.
Lucario threw his head back and screamed out loud as his insides were stabbed by the sharp thick tip, pleasure spreading through him in harsh waves, stimulating the ends of his nerves. He wanted to rub the straining organ between his legs, he wanted to increase his pleasure tenfold, but instead all he was able to do was pull his paws from Zoroark's wrists and press them against the stone wall, leaning forward and hanging his head as he panted in pure delight. Zoroark growled deeply as his thick pre leaked into his tight hole, adding a bit of lubrication to his walls.
"Oh! Y-Yes! H-Harder!" he forces out in a shaky voice, shaking his head like mad as Zoroark's thrusting pushed him forward, his canine length flicking up against his stomach. Zoroark digs his claws into Lucario's stomach, still holding him in the tight hug as he moved faster. Lucario winced at the feeling of the sharp tips poking him but did his best to ignore it. Lucario's tongue hung out from his open muzzle, his moans hard and drawn out as he held onto the wall to keep himself from falling over.
Zoroark clenched his sharp fangs hard as his inner walls contracted around him so very tightly, the thick semen building and dispensing into the jackal's tight hot body. Lucario's stomach constricted in such an odd way that Lucario's eyes shot open, a deep groan escaping him.
"Oh, I c-can't hold it…" Zoroark stammered out, finding it harder to resist shoving his whole knot in him in that instant, but he gradually worked the orb of flesh inside him, the bulging sphere starting to spread him further open, more than what he was used to thus far.
With the feeling of his insides clenching hard around the knot as it slid in a little more, the ecstatic feeling of taking another male's knot inside him was just too much for him to handle all at once. His tunnel clenched down on him like a hot fleshy vice as his teeth clamped together to the point of hurting as his load begins shooting out in thick plentiful streams, the pearly white fluids cascading over the wall of the cave and his lower belly, a loud cry of absolute passionate delight erupting from him. After witnessing the sexy Lucario cum right in front of him and feeling the vice-like tightness clenching him, it was all it took for him to wiggle and shove the knot into him. Lucario's eyes shot open as his cry got louder, pain clutching his rear end as the knot spread him so far open. Zoroark grinded down on him as he gave his own little roar of pleasure, his knot swelling inside the male until they locked together. Zoroark's head goes back as he grabs onto his hips, grinding on his ass hard as his insides squeeze him over and over again until it was enough for him to hold him in place as his length erupted and dumped his seed inside him.
Lucario whined and moaned as he felt the thick, slick, and very hot fluids injected directly into his rear end, his own member letting off a few more shots of pure excitement. His body drowned in a mixture of pleasure and pain, wiggling his rear as Zoroark grinded on him still and struggling to stay standing up, his powerful legs beginning to give up on him. Zoroark could feel this as the jackal faltered in his arms, his paws sliding off the wall and ending up back on his hips, as if his paws were still there.
"Come on…let's go down and rest…" he whispered to the younger Pokémon. Lucario nodded and let Zoroark guide him to the floor of the cave, both of them resting on their knees as he hugged his hips again, Lucario rubbing his wrists softly. He panted with exhaustion, feeling the seed flow around and coat his insides like a thick glaze. It warmed him up immensely and he…loved it a lot.
Lucario looked back at him, drool dripping from his muzzle as a smile came across his face. Zoroark smiled back, but it quickly faded when the jackal started chuckling.
"What's so funny…?" he asked, taken aback.
"If you wanted a mate…" Lucario responded, his eyes half-closed. "You could have just asked me…"
Zoroark smiled and shook his head, licking the back of his head. "I told you, you wouldn't have accepted."
Lucario shook his head and reached back to rub the side of his face, turning his head to him. "How do you know I would have?"
Zoroark looked at him before he chuckled with him, pressing his muzzle against his as they shared a kiss. Now, this was what he wanted in a mate.
Raichu groaned as he walked out of his burrow while looking at the ground. He sighs as he looks around, seeing a number of couple looking pokemon around. Sitting in park benches, walking around, all cuddling and laughing at each other. Raichu just sighed while feeling lonely. So far in the past few months, he had been unable to get with any females since he was always lucky with having at least one each week. He was so use to it that when the last one left, he was stuck with how to pleasure himself and hadn't been as lucky in finding a new female.
He went to a strip club last night because it's usually the easiest way to hook up with girls… But as luck would have it, all the girls were taken, leaving him with the other males who either waited or just got drunk to make the night go by. And seeing how he didn't drink much, he just went home. He sat on the park bench, sighing in frustration. "How am I supposed to hook up with a girl, when it seems all of them seems to be taken?" he asked as he sees his cock starting to twitch a bit. 'Great, figures it comes out eager to get inside something, but there's nothing for me to fuck!'
Raichu's shoulder's sagged, 'Guess I'll just head home and deal with it.' he thought as he prepared to get up. But stopped when he spotted a lone Lopunny sitting near the fountain. 'I didn't notice the Lopunny sitting there.' he looked at the normal type and grinned. 'Time to make my move.' He got up and started to walk to approaching the rabbit. He sat down just as the normal type noticed him. "Is this seat taken?" he asked the brown rabbit. "No, you're welcome to it."
He smiled as he was next to the rabbit. "So, what's a cute thing like you doing all alone here?" "Oh, I was just enjoying my time at the park, watching people pass by." she smiled, inching towards the electric type. "What's a handsome guy like you doing here?" "Oh no reason, just passing by." he answered, starting to inch his paw to her thigh, rubbing it sensually. "Mmm, well, wanna pass by somewhere more private?" she asked with a giggle and a flutter of her eyes. "Just a simple, quiet place where could entertain ourselves." "Hmm, I don't know, I was actually planning to head on home." he grins eyeing the Lopunny's feminine look. "Come on, I promise you it'll be a moment you won't be able to forget." The bunny said poking the mouse's hardening member. "Please? For me?" she fluttered her eyes with a pleading look.
He blushes at the Lopunny's gaze. "Maybe I can spare a moment… for a lovely bunny like you." he said moving to rub it's sides. "Great." the Lopunny stood up and started leading the way with Raichu following and staring at her ass. He grins and reaches forward to give it a quick pinch. It made the Lopunny jump who looked at him and winked before they kept walking and letting him rub her ass. 'Wow, her ass is very soft.' Soon he saw her leading him to a small cottage in the woods. "You live here? It's very peaceful looking." he said looking over the cottage. "Just wait until we get inside~"she chimes as she opens the door and offered him inside.
He walked in while she shut the door and found himself lead to the rather large bed inside."Wow, very elegant." he complimented as he sat down. That's when the Lopunny got down and started rubbing his cock. He moans from the softness of the paws as the rabbit made careful, skilled strokes. "Wow, you're so big." The Lopunny murrs softly as the cock started to grow into arousal. She leaned in and took a lick on the tip. He shuddered from it as his breath started to quicken from the pleasure. 'Damn, I can't lose focus! Just stay calm and let her do her thing.'
She licked a few more times, she started to slowly open her mouth and take in the tip. "Ah!" jumped Raichu since it had been WAY too long since he had a blowjob. "What's wrong? Are you okay?" Lopunny asked while rubbing her paw up and down the cock. "I'm alright, you can keep going." he said. She nodded before she started taking in his whole cock in her mouth in one go. He groaned from pleasure as it has been quite a while. He put a paw on her head while lightly thrusting his hips. The rabbit let out a giggle as it licked around the length while sucking on it softly. She moved a paw under and started rubbing the Raichu's balls.
He shudder as it felt so wonderful, the rabbit noticed this and moves its head off the length. "You want to move on to something better?" "Oh big time." he grins as Raichu answers. Lopunny moves next to him and places its upper body on the bed, the bunny's ass at the edge. "Fuck me raw." He got up, 'Maybe I'll take her ass first, then move to her pussy.' he thought as he started to lean over Lopunny. He rubbed his cock against the hole and got a light moan from the normal type. "Already so eager…" he chuckles as he started to press his tip at the hole, getting inside it. Both groaned with the Raichu louder since he had been away from this feeling for so long.
He moved back a bit, then thrusted in all the way. "Ah! You're so tight!" "Ah! You're so big!" He smiled as he started to thrust in rhythm, holding the bunny's chest area. 'Hmm, kind of flat. Must be a late bloomer or something like that.' "Come on, faster!" Raichu smiles as he gripped the rabbit tight and started going faster and harder. 'Ah! How I've missed this!' He felt his limit coming as he was thrusting to the point of shaking the bed. "I'm about to cum!" "Do it inside!"He grunted as he thrust the few more times and thrusted in as far as he could and cried out loud. His dick twitched before he started cumming inside the rabbit. He unloads everything he has as he holds onto Lopunny for support.
He panted while feeling so relaxed it wasn't funny. "Ah man, I needed that." he panted smiling in bliss. "Mmm, nice." purred the Lopunny. "I think it's time for the grand finale." Raichu said, pulling out of Lopunny."I couldn't agree more." the normal type spoke in a more masculine tone. "Huh?" Raichu got out. 'Am I hearing things or did her voice change?' Lopunny stood up and faced Raichu with a large hard cock standing up. The electric type's face froze up, a drop of sweat falling off his face. "That wouldn't be one of those realistic looking strap ons would it?""Touch it and find out."
He looks flustered as he shakes his head. "Uh… no thanks. I better go head on home now." Raichu said turning around to walk off. "Hold on there." spoke Lopunny grabbing Raichu's tail with a lustful glint. "It's my turn." "I'm not interested in guys." Raichu argued back. "Oh? But you are into Lopunny's who are willing to put out?" "But that was because I thought you were a girl." he blushed embarrassed about it. "Well it's only fair to return the favor, or do I gotta really get you into this?""I…" he blushes as he look at the Lopunny's cock. It stood tall and was three times the size of his own and looked like it belonged to a Rapidash. "It just looks so big." he muttered blushing."And tasty?" Lopunny added.
Raichu shudders as he starts to approach the male rabbit. 'Just do it to return the favor.' he got on his knees and felt his pride break at seeing the girth easily outclassed him. "S..so what sould I do?" he asked. "Lick it." Raichu groaned, but inched close to the cock, easily able to smell the musky scent of it. He still felt uncomfortable, but moved forward a took a light lick of it. "It tastes… salty." he murmured. "Come on, more." spoke the Lopunny with a grin. Raichu moved his tongue and started licking it more. All the while the musky scent drifted into his nose.
'The musky smell is so strong…' he thought as he licks more and more. "Mmm, keep on going." He moved upward and started to lick at the tip. That's when the Lopunny grabbed his head and started to push the tip into his mouth. The mouse grunted from the surprised action, but thankfully the Lopunny didn't kept going down. But he did started thrusting the cock back and forth inside his mouth. Raichu grunted and moaned as his tongue moved around the length in reflex. He started to feel his own cock get hard. 'My cock's… getting hard again?' he thought. "Mmm, been a while since I found a nice tight mouth." grunted the Lopunny.
Raichu started to rub the rabbit's balls with his paws, groping them and squeezing them. 'I can't believe I'm actually doing this.' He looks at the Lopunny's pleasured face. 'Although… it isn't as bad as I thought it would be.' he blushed as he thought that. "Alright, keep going." He nods as he started to lick and suck him much more. Soon he felt it twitch before he felt gobs of hot sperm shoot inside his mouth. He shuddered and felt his cheeks bloat out. He had to pull off while more spurted out over his face.
He panted as he swallows what was in his mouth. "H-how was it?" "Awesome, I haven't had an orgasm like that in months." "Um… thank you." Raichu blushes at the words. "But we're not done." "Huh? What else is there?" he asked before gulping as he realized. "Wait...you mean…" The rabbit grins, "Seems fair, don't you think?" "B-But I never had someone….back there." he blushes as he continues. "Plus you're much bigger than me." "Trust me, I once got this inside a Nidorino, so it will fit."
Raichu blushes, but doesn't resist as the Lopunny moves to him and picks him up in his arms. He was carried over and laid on his back before the normal type moved down near his ass. "Um… if we're going to do this… at least be careful okay?" he blushes as he looks downward to the cock near his butt. "No prob." Lopunny grinned as he started to push the tip against the hole. Raichu grunted as it started to hurt a bit because of the large size and his ass not familiar with this. He tried to breathe in deeply as it kept pushing inside him.
The electric type gritted his teeth as he felt his ass getting wider from the size. "T-Too big!" He stops for a moment for the Raichu to catch his breath. "Damn, maybe I should have lubed you up first." "Just… give me a minute." he breathed out. 'It's huge!' Raichu panted until his breathing calmed down a bit. "Okay… you can continue." Lopunny grinned and slid back with a groan before pushing back in with both groaning. Raichu grunted and groaned at the large cock going back inside. He felt his own cock twitching from the penetration. "It's stretching out my body!" "You want me to stop?" Lopunny asked, sounding concerned for him. "No...but I never had a cock inside me before."
Lopunny held Raichu. "I'll be a gentle as possible." he promised as he started moving again. "Mmm, your ass is so tight!" Raichu panted and moaned, his cock throbbing under Lopunny. He gasped feeling the large cock move in and out of him with his cock rubbing against his stomach. He hugs the normal type closely while panting heavy breaths. "More…" Lopunny looks at him. "You sure?" Raichu nodded. With that, the bunny started to move faster into the Raichu's ass. All the while feeling the ass get tighter and tighter. He tried to lick the mouse's neck in an effort to comfort him.
Raichu moaned from the licking and felt Lopunny move faster with the cock making a bulge in his stomach. "I think I'm going to cum again." Raichu moaned out. "Then I'll make sure to fill you up like a balloon." After a couple thrust, Raichu moaned out and covered Lopunny's belly fur with cum. That made the normal type groan as he moved faster before his girth started twitching. 'Here it comes.' he braced himself and groaned out feeling the hot seed pour into him and saw his stomach bloat a little from the amount pouring in.
He moaned from the amount, feeling oddly good. Lopunny pulled out panting and saw his sperm slowly drip out. "That actually… felt pleasant." Raichu said blushing from the sight of his stomach. "I gotta say, it was hot." grinned the normal type. Raichu chuckled, "Well I won't be needing to eat for a while it seems." he jokes. "Don't worry, it'll all drip out in no time." "Well… thanks for helping out with my problem." he said blushing as he got up. "I got to be heading home now." "Alright, just let me know when you want me to pound your little hole and I'll be there." he grinned smacking Raichu's ass.
He yelped as he felt that as he opened the door, heading outside. He looked at the Lopunny winking at him before the door shut. "That wasn't a moment I was expected." Raichu blushed as he rubbed his sore ass, remembering the moment. 'Maybe I should lay off girls for a while.' he thought as he started to walk off, taking one more look at the cottage. "I might be visiting this place more often."
The stories that follow in these chapters are not for people who are under the age of sixteen. If you don't like what I'm doing here, please click the back button at the top of the window.
Original, right? Well there really seems to be a lack of PokémonxPokémon and PokémonxHuman lemon collections, so I thought it was time to give my shot at one this time, plus I always liked writing stuff like this. If you've written as many lemons as I have it starts to grow on you a bit. Anyway, if there is a pairing you'd like to see, submit it in a review, but a PM is also acceptable. Give me the genders of your Pokémon and character and to make things a bit easier, a short little description of your character. The more interesting the pairing is the more likely it will spark my interest and the more likely it will get a spot, but you can suggest anything you want. But don't suggest something that's just plain weird. I will do Yaoi, but I may or may not do Yuri. I've never worked with Yuri before and don't know how to write it, but if your pairing is interesting enough and it is Yuri then I can always change my mind and give it a shot. I will also do threesomes, but that's the extent of the number. You can request anything, but I won't do rape. I'm not that good at doing any rape of any kind because I'm used to writing loving and affectionate lemons. (I'm sure no one will suggest anything like that though). I can do just about anything, but there are some that I will not do.
I will not do the baby Pokémon like Pichu and Cleffa, and I will not do Lugia unless paired with a Pokémon of about the same size. I also will not do Pokémon like Grimer and Muk, or genderless Pokémon like Magnetmite or Staryu. Those seem really hard to do.
I have to tell you if there are multiple requests I can't guarantee that your pairing will be done, but as a writer I like to satisfy my readers and would like to be able to do all of them without it getting stale. Once your pairing has been accepted it will be written and undergo a massive editing for a day or two before being posted.
Flames will not be and are not appreciated. If you don't like anything of what I am doing then simply don't read or participate. We all need to be professionals here and acting like a child is just a waste of my time and yours, as well as the people who are actually interested
Disclaimer: I do not own Pokémon but if I did it would not be a children's game or anime.
The rain came down in a torrential deluge, soaking the land to the deepest parts of the ground. Do you remember the old "myth", if you could call it that, that during storms, the thunder and lightning was just the angels bowling? The thunder was the balls rolling down the lanes and the lightning was when they got a strike. Do you remember that? If not don't let it bother you now.
You see, the Pokémon had some of their own explanations for the natural occurrences such as rain, but it wasn't the same as what the humans made up and told their children. Some Pokémon saw the rain as Arceus's tears, falling from the Hall or Origin. That's how Leon always saw it.
Leon was an Ursaring, nothing too special about him. His appearance was like that of any normal Ursaring, being tall and menacing, yet gentle and warm at the same time. He wasn't old but he wasn't young either. He could be considered the human equivalent of middle-aged. His claws were long and sharp, made for tearing meat apart. Feared by almost every Pokémon he met, Leon had almost no one in his life, and that included friends, except for his mate of course. He didn't mind not having any friends. His mate was the best thing in his life and he would never trade her for all the friends in the world.
Shaking the rain from his waterlogged fur it was only soaked again by the rain fall. Leon looked up at the grey sky, the waterfall dripping into his eyes. Leon trained himself to look up during rain storms without having any problems. It was a survival skill he taught himself as a child. The sun was always used to pin point direction and determine time. But with it hidden by clouds and the rain, it was difficult to look up without closing your eyes. Leon could always tell where the sun was behind the clouds; wherever the clouds were the brightest was where the sun was. That's how Leon always determined where the cave where he and his mate made their home was as well as how long he'd been out.
Based on the position of the sun he had been out for at least two hours, leaving his mate all by herself. Surely she would be very impatient with him, and he could hardly even wait.
Leon always went out to find food for him and his mate, and she always liked to reward him afterwards. But today his paws were empty. For some odd reason he just couldn't find any. Leon was sure that the rain washed everything away but he couldn't be certain. Ahead of him was the cave where his mate would be waiting for him. How could he tell her that he wasn't able to find anything to eat?
Slowly entering the mouth of the cavern, he could see the silhouette of his mate against the wall at the back. Laying on her side, she rolled over and smiled at her mate.
"I'm so glad you're back, Leon." She said her soft gentle voice ringing with desire. "I've missed you…"
Bella, unlike Leon, was a young Mightyena, being much younger than Leon. And a beautiful one to boot. She had the kind of beauty that could only be reserved for a goddess or only the finest work of art. Without even trying a single sway of her slender hips could drive Leon mad.
Bella sat up and looked at the mighty brown bear, her tail wagging back and forth. Leon gave her a mischievous smile.
"You waiting for me to get over there?" he growled.
Bella smiled back. "Why come over here…when I can come over to you?"
Slowly striding over to him, Leon could feel his heat rising, his desire appearing in the form of sweat on his already damp body.
Bella turned herself around and bent her body forward, presenting herself to her mate. She turned her head and smirked at the look on Leon's face. Her pink pussy was dripping with lust, begging for Leon.
"Are you going to fuck me or not?" she said with lust in her voice.
Leon would like nothing more but she would have to wait. Grabbing her sides he lifted the small canine off the ground held her upside down, making her squeak in surprise. Hugging her body against his, each had a full view of the other. Leon slowly glided his fat tongue across her slit massaging the swollen organ. Bella groaned softly, the pleasurable feeling mixed with the light-headed feeling from hanging upside down, but she could last a little bit longer. Pressing her paw against his wet sheath his cock was immediately coaxed out of its hiding place. Taking his shaft in her mouth she sucked fervently on the large appendage, her mouth filled with his hardness. Running her tongue across the sides the taste of musk filled her senses.
Leon removed his tongue from her and panted from the work his mate was doing to his cock. "That's right…" he panted, looking down at the Mightyena. "That's just how I like it…"
Eventually going back to his mate's clit he sucked on the outside rim, scrapping them with his sharp teeth gently, her liquids gently coming out in a small flow. He could feel her chest rising against his stomach, her body warmth against his wet body.
Slowly the dark canine's light-headed feeling was getting worse, the blood rushing to her head. It was becoming difficult to breathe with Leon's cock in her mouth. As much as she wanted to keep the organ in her mouth and as much as she wanted Leon to keep pleasuring her, she had to make Leon put her down.
Removing her mouth from him she looked down, or really up, at the Ursaring, taking gasps of breath. "Leon please put me down…I…have to breathe."
"Oh…I-I'm sorry dear." He said, putting her smaller body down on the cave floor, the dizzy feeling going away and everything felt better.
"Well don't let it stop there." She said seductively, bending her body forward again. "Now are you going to fuck me?"
Leon grabbed hold of her sides again he slowly guided his cock inside her, Bella's excitement and desire growing as Leon pushed himself inside through her vaginal lips. Leon thrust his hips against her, Bella's juices squirted out of her from the tight fit between them. Her juices majorly lubricated their organs and made the ride much easier.
Bella panted excitedly, her desire becoming even stronger. Leon lifted her up until her hind legs were off the ground. Staying firmly in place her moved her body back and forth over his shaft, driving himself in at a constant and erratic pace. Bella gasped loudly, her juices coming of her in plumes like the rainfall that fell from the sky outside. Her ass smacked against his groin, all eight inches of his manhood fit inside her, the faint sound of fur-against-fur filling the quiet air.
"Yes! Yes Leon!" she cried in ecstasy, her slobber-logged tongue dripping like her wanting hole. Leon rammed his cock roughly into her, taking the whole thing inside and stabbing the most sensitive spot in her body. Her moans echoed through the cave, driving the Ursaring further. Bella clamped her eyes shut, trying to keep herself planted to the earth by just her forepaws alone but Leon was making it a difficult task.
Her juices spurted out of her in mad bursts coating her mate's crotch, the oncoming orgasm getting closer evidenced by her tightening walls around Leon's cock. This was so much better than any canine's cock, plus she never had to worry about that horrible knot that Leon obviously lacked. Bella's hind end was just as wet as Leon, with her juices and the water on his fur. Everything was beginning to blur in front of the canine, the pleasure becoming more intense as Leon ravaged her body, his pleasure as great as hers.
"I'm so close! I want it harder!" she yowled, her tail wagging back and forth against Leon's chest. Complying with her request, he pounded her onto him as hard as he could, her lower half as limp as a rag doll. The Ursaring's cock began to secrete fluid growing more plentiful with each thrust. The dark wolf clenched her teeth and her eyes shut as the orgasm continued to build and build until it became so impossible to hold, and Leon wasn't far behind.
The muscles in his length beginning to tighten, he rammed her body against him and the orgasm hit them very hard.
"Ah! I'm cumming!" Bella screamed as a torrent of her orgasm liquid forced itself out of her, splashing onto his member. Leon brought her halfway off his cock before slamming her back on it. He did this several times as cum erupted in jets from his cock filling the wolf with the warm foggy substance. Holding her on him, they panted heavily spent of all their energy. Leon slowly pulled out of Bella's slippery sex. Bella's hind legs felt like Jell-O, and when Leon set her down she fell to her side like her legs had no support.
"You going to be up for a round two?" Leon asked her.
"I don't think so. I still…need to recover." She smiled and winked at her mate, a glimmer of happiness in her eyes.
Leon sat down on the ground and scooped her up, cradling her in his arms as she slowly drifted off to sleep. Leaning against the wall Leon gazed out the mouth of the cave at the deluge of water that continuously flowed from the eyes of Arceus.
Charizard lay lazily on the flat stone, his head laid on his crossed hands. Opening one eye to see the frustrated expression on his trainer's face, he chuckled on the inside. How could the others trust this boy? He didn't know how to train Pokémon correctly, let alone even take a battle seriously. If he didn't obey him during a battle, how did he expect him to go into that prison the humans call a Poké Ball?
"Come on Charizard!" Ash said irritably. "Going in your Poké Ball won't hurt you!"
"Ash you've been trying for at least an hour." Misty said. "I think you should just give it up."
"She's right you know." Brock said, his arms crossed. "You can never force a Pokémon to do what it doesn't want to do. Pokémon are just like you and me; they can think rationally like any sentient being and have feelings too."
"Well Charizard sure isn't acting rationally." Ash said, trying to remain calm because he was losing his cool rather quickly. "I just don't understand why he won't listen to me. He had no problems with me when he was a Charmander!"
"Hmmm…." Brock said with his hand on his chin and thinking intently. "Ash how many badges have collected over the course of our journey?"
"Five." Ash responded with a hint of pride in his voice. "Why?"
"Maybe Charizard doesn't view you as worthy or powerful enough as a trainer to gain his respect or obedience."
"How could he not see his own trainer as worth?" Ash said in an insulted tone.
"As a Gym Leader I know that badges determine the loyalty of your Pokémon. That's why when you train your Pokémon you have to be careful how high their experience is, otherwise when they become stronger and you remain weak, they begin to see themselves as superior."
Ash's jaw dropped open. "Why am I now just learning about this?"
"You mean you never knew that; one of the most important rules of being a Pokémon Trainer?" Misty said.
"Prof. Oak never told me about that. All he did was give me this manual."
"And let me guess, you never read the manual did you?" Brock said with his head cocked.
"…No…" Ash admitted. "It would have taken up a lot of time."
"It's remarkable you've gotten as far as you have to getting to the Indigo League." Brock said. "But until you start to get more progress done I don't think you'll get a lot of cooperation from Charizard."
Ash held up the Poké Ball. "I don't need any other badges just to store my own Pokémon." Ash brought his hand back and gave a hearty throw, the ball twirling through the air towards the dragon. "Return Charizard!"
The dragon's eye shot open and just before the ball made contact with his body he snapped his tail in front of the ball and smacked it away like a baseball. The ball came at Ash's face fast than he threw it and before he had time to react the ball hit him square in the eye, sending him flying to the ground.
"OW!" Ash yelled, grasping his eye.
"Ash are you okay?" Misty said, she and Brock getting down to his side.
"What the heck just happened?" Ash cried, the incident taking him by complete surprise. "How does it look?" he slowly removed his hands from his eye.
Brock and Misty winced, feeling the pain from what Ash's eye looked like. The underneath was already swollen purple, leaving a huge bruise.
"That's gonna leave a mark…" Brock said.
Ash touched the mark with two fingers and winced in pain before getting to his feet. "This is getting ridiculous! How could all his respect for me have disappeared when he became a Charmeleon?" Ash said.
"Evolution just doesn't change the appearance of the Pokémon; it changes the attitude and personality too." Brock said. "For better or for worse, you have to accept the change and grow with it."
"Don't think I'm not trying Brock." Ash said, looking around for Charizard's Poké Ball. "I'm trying as hard as I can not to lose my patience."
When he found it he bent over to pick it up, facing away from Charizard. The dragon noted the position Ash was in and took the opportunity to mess with the boy. Opening his maw he let a plume of flame shoot from his throat like a blowtorch, ending right at the seat of Ash's pants. Ash stood straight up, a look of horrid shock on his face. He looked at his backside to see the flames that quickly made its home on his pants.
"FIRE! OW OW OW!" Ash screamed, running as fast as he could towards the water. They were on the beach so luckily the ocean was right nearby. Jumping dramatically into the air, Ash dove into the cold water, the flames dowsing upon contact and the water boiling and steaming where he jumped in.
Brock simply sighed. Ash eventually emerged from beneath the water, his clothes drenched and gasping for breath. Making his way back to the shore, his hands over his behind which now had burn scars all over it.
"Brock do you have any more of that salve that you gave Pikachu when he got burned by Vulpix?" the trainer asked his friend.
"I'm pretty sure I do. Let's get you back to camp." Brock said, following Ash to the camp at the other end of the camp.
Misty, however, turned to the dragon who was still laying on the rock like he did nothing wrong. Though she still had spite for Ash because of the incident with her bike, but despite that she felt bad for Ash because of Charizard's mistreatment of him. But this time it was the last straw. Charizard was allowed to abuse Ash, his own trainer, without any consequences.
Misty walked over to the dragon and stared at him with her arms crossed. Charizard could feel a set of hard eyes staring at him, and he opened his eyes to see Misty glaring down at him.
"I bet you're really proud of yourself. Aren't you?" she said.
Charizard growled and glared back at the human. "Grrrrraaaarrrroooooorrrrrr. (Don't mess with me girl. That trainer is unworthy to give orders to me." He growled.
Misty scowled at this Pokémon's insolence to his trainer. Charizard was being so ungrateful. Kneeling down in front of the fire dragon, she grabbed the top of his neck and pulled her towards her face with as much strength as she could so he was staring into her eyes, those cold, brown eyes…
"Listen to me, and you listen to me now you ingrate." She said with scorn in her voice. Her confrontation took Charizard completely off guard. "Ash was nice enough to take you in as his own Pokémon when that jerk Damien abandoned you, and this is how you thank him? He has been very patient with you, and yet you treat him like absolute garbage." Then she did something that completely shocked him.
She slapped him hard on the cheek. His face burned from the sudden contact, his eyes wide with shock. He looked into her eyes again.
"You should be ashamed of yourself, hurting your own trainer like that. I might not care for Ash as much as you do, but he is still my friend and he is your trainer, and he deserves a lot of respect for getting us this far."
Charizard was, needless to say, speechless. No one, let alone a female, ever stood up to him like this, not even hitting him. It was such a foreign feeling to actually be scolded by this human female, yet at the same time it was…exhilarating.
"Start treating Ash with more respect," Misty continued. "Or I'll send my water Pokémon after you." She slapped him one last time on the same spot as before, the burning sensation getting worse. "You should be ashamed of yourself."
Releasing his neck she stood up and turned to join Ash and Brock. Charizard put a hand at the burning spot on his face. He realized what she said, as much as he would not like to admit, had truth to it. Damien's betrayal hit him hard and becoming Ash's Pokémon was the best thing that happened to him, and if Ash didn't have such a big heart, he would be dead. Though her "attack" still made him angry, he also felt aroused by the female's fearlessness to stand up to him. It filled him with lust.
xxxx
Later that night while Ash was applying the cooling agent to his buttocks, Brock had a small fire going with a pot above it, the night's dinner cooking within. Brock's Vulpix slept peacefully next to him and Pikachu just stared fearfully at the fire fox, the horrors of when she attacked him with her flamethrower.
"Feeling better buddy?" Brock asked Ash.
"A little bit." Ash winced. "Thanks for the salve." Charizard was sleeping behind him and every few minutes he had to look behind him to make sure he wasn't going to singe his hair off.
Brock nodded in affirmation, stirring the food in the pot. Misty, who was sitting across from the boys, looked at the sleeping Charizard behind them. She had taken a huge step in threatening the Pokémon like that. He could have incinerated her like he almost did to Ash, but why didn't he? The thought that she could have been injured persisted in her mind and she need to find some way to relax.
"Guys I'm going to take a dip in that hot spring we came across earlier." She said while standing up and going over to her bag. "I need to get some things off my mind."
"Alright but don't be gone too long." Brock said. "Dinner's going to be ready soon and this might be by far the most delicious thing you'll ever taste."
Misty pulled her bathing suit, a change of clothes, and a towel from her bag and walked from the camp, past Charizard, and into the forest. The dragon opened a single eye, faking his sleep. A sly smile spread across his face, and as quietly as he could, got to his feet and followed Misty into the forest.
xxxx
Taking off her clothes Misty changed into her white bathing suit and slowly got into the hot spring, leaning against the rock and sighing in relief. The water was nice and warm and would easily take her mind off of things, off Charizard, off everything.
But little did she know was Charizard was watching her from within the foliage, enjoying every minute of when she was undressing, his mind filled with lustful thoughts about her. As quietly as a mouse Charizard emerged from the trees and slowly paced over to her. Kneeling over the girl he got down on his knees, and hovered over her.
Misty could feel the strangest sensation that she was being watched, accompanied with warm breath on the top of her head. Turning around in the water she almost screamed when she saw Charizard behind her.
"Charizard!" she hissed. "You scared me half to death! What do you want?"
Charizard got up and stepped into the hot spring, taking extra care that the end of his tail didn't get in the water. He treaded in the water until he was standing right in front of her. Misty's expression changed from that of annoyance to fear. Why was the Pokémon getting in the water with her?
"W-What are you doing Charizard?" she said as the dragon got closer to her.
Charizard gave her a wicked smile and put his hands at her shoulders. Misty's body shuddered with fear when he gave a low growl sound. His want for the human was growing stronger with each passing moment. After seconds of silence, he finally locked his lips against hers. Misty's eyes widened in shock. Charizard was kissing her! Crying out against his mouth she tried to move away from him but he was too strong and had her firmly in his grasp. Charizard soon released her from his mouth.
"What are you doing?" Misty gasped.
Charizard growled lowly, becoming increasingly aroused. He looked down at Misty's full chest. How could females wear those horrible things that concealed the best looking parts of her body? He would fix that with ease. Moving his head down between her breasts he clamped his teeth down on the slip of fabric that kept the garment together, and bit down hard cutting it and exposing her breasts to the dragon.
The girl gasped and covered her breasts with her hands. Was Charizard wanting what she thought he was wanting? Misty tried to climb out of the spring but Charizard forced her back down on her behind. The fire dragon threw his mouth against hers again, but this time shoving his tongue into her mouth. His tongue was long and thin, forking at the end like that of a snake. It moved rapidly around her mouth, poking the insides of her mouth with the very tips. Misty's eyes became even wider, from what was happening and the sudden and unexpected texture of his tongue. She moaned softly against the reptilian tongue, wanting to get away from the Pokémon yet not wanting to leave.
Charizard removed his mouth from her and hoisted her up onto the edge of the land. Removing her destroyed bikini top from her body her threw it behind him into the water. Grabbing the sides of her bikini with his hands he slowly pulled it down her slim legs, admiring her practically flawless, human body. Discarding the article behind him she was now completely naked before him. Grabbing hold of her legs he gently spread them apart, revealing her human pussy. Charizard's tongue fell out of his mouth.
Leaning his head down to her untouched area he slithered his tongue over the folds, sending pleasured shivers through her body. Charizard's cock began showing itself from its slit, growing erect with every second. Charizard slowly slid the snake-like tongue into her, slinking inside like a snake. Misty's back arched sharp, her chest heaving with every pleasured breath she took. It was still hard to grasp that a Pokémon, Ash Ketchum's Charizard, was doing this, but it felt so good.
Mouth wide open Charizard moved his thin tongue in and out of her smoothly, tasting his first human female; it tasted amazing, and she was getting wetter and wetter. Moving his tongue to her deepest regions Misty's body quaked violently, the pleasure becoming too much for her to handle and her moans were becoming lighter and shorter. Feeling her coming closer to her orgasm Charizard slowly removed his tongue, tickling her with the forked end and now she was dripping wet. He grabbed her arms and brought her down back into the water. Straddling the girl he lined his throbbing dick with her entrance, before slowly cutting into her like a hot knife through butter. Misty cried out in pain, the feeling being nothing that she ever experienced before and the realization hit her: she lost her virginity to a Pokémon.
Wrapping his arms around her body, pulling her against him Charizard smoothly thrust his shaft inside her, sending a wave of pain and pleasure through her. The feeling was exhilarating yet painful at the same time. The dragon pulled out of her and thrust back in, excitement going through the girl. The feeling was so pleasurable that Misty let out a loud moan. Charizard smirked and pressed his forehead against hers, staring into her eyes. Misty wrapped her legs around Charizard's waist, deepening him inside her. The warm water sloshed around their bodies as their movements steadied and became a little faster, the fire dragon lowly growling and mixing with Misty's noises. Her chest heaved against Charizard's, the pleasure intensifying and her breaths becoming more rigid.
"Ah Charizard…" she moaned. "Harder…harder please..."
Charizard growled and fucked into her harder, making Misty cry out in ecstasy. Charizard made this his new pace and fucked her hard and faster. The dragon's hot breath fell upon her shoulder, her body warming up more than what the spring could do for her. Their smooth skin rubbed against each other and moved the two on further into their love making, Charizard gently nipping her neck with his fangs. Misty felt like she wasn't going to last much longer with Charizard's large cock filling her like this. The pleasure attacked again and again and again, until she could no longer keep up the battle. Her slit tightened around Charizard's member and she had her climax onto the dragon Pokémon, crying out into the forest. Charizard moved his hands down to her ass and pulled her closer, his cum gushing into her like a hose. Her entire body instantly felt warm with Charizard's hot semen, filling her close to the brim. Charizard panted a few times before pulling out of her. Misty stared up at the Pokémon, like she didn't believe what just happened.
"Charizard?" she said weakly.
The dragon was about to respond with a growl when the voice of his trainer rang through the air.
"Charizard!" Ash yelled. "Charizard where are you?"
"Oh shit…!" Misty said frantically. If she didn't get dressed fast, this was going to be rather hard to explain.
Charizard lifted himself out of the water with his mighty wings, taking her up with him. Misty quickly dried herself with her towel and changed into her extra pair of clothes, finishing just as Ash, Brock and Pikachu appeared in the clearing.
"There you are Charizard! I was looking all over for you!" Ash said. "Did Charizard bother you Misty?"
Misty had to suppress a smile. "No actually he didn't. He just wanted to make sure I was…okay."
She looked at Charizard and smiled at him. The Pokémon smiled back and gave her a small wink.
Taking a drink from his water bottle Marco continued to walk across the Seabreak Path the long thin stretch of road that was covered with many colorful flowers that lead him to the Flower Paradise. Marco put the bottle back in his pack. The speck of land was getting closer and closer but it felt like it wasn't getting any closer than it appeared. Why would Professor Oak tell him about this strange place? Well obviously this place had some kind of special importance otherwise it would remain relatively unknown. What would he find here? A special item? A large sum of money? Or perhaps…a legendary Pokémon…
Marco always wanted to meet, and maybe even capture a legendary Pokémon since he first heard about them when he was a young child. Legendary Pokémon were always his favorite subject. Female Pokémon had bodies that sometimes rivaled and even beat the beauty of human females. A combination of the beauty of the female body and the beastly qualities like fur, a tail, and a muzzle could make the most beautiful specimen eyes ever laid eyes on. The legendaries however, at least the females, had such an otherworldly beauty it could make any male melt upon sight.
Marco ran his hand across the front of his sweaty, short brown hair. He was a trainer hailing from Azalia Town, at least 17 years of age. He was muscular for the most part but he was a bit skinny and good looking as well.
The Flower Paradise came closer and closer until Marco walked onto the small island. Tall trees lined and thick bushes lined the island, beautiful flowers everywhere on the ground. The smell of flowers filled the air and it smelled wonderful. The cool island breeze flowed across his body and he sighed. Setting his backpack down he sat down on the grass and leaned up against a tree he looked up at the shade that covered the ground by the tree leaves. This island was pretty small and it looked like the possibility of having any wild Pokémon was very slim. The only place for them to hide would be in the bushes.
Marco looked to his left and something caught his attention. On a small short platform at the other end of the island, someone was sitting down. By the looks of it, it was a Pokémon but it had its back to Marco. Dmitri stood up slowly and pulled the empty Master Ball from his belt. If this was a Pokémon it had to be a rare one. Taking slow steps through the grass and flowers Marco got closer with each step and his assumptions were right. This was a Pokémon. Bringing his arm back he prepared to throw the Master Ball but not before taking one last step. With the step his foot made contact with a lone twig on the ground and it loudly snapped in half, echoing through the quiet island. Marco froze and the Pokémon turned to face him, and his body locked up.
The Pokémon that sat on the ground was a Shaymin, a Sky Form Shaymin; his favorite Legendary Pokémon.
Her appearance took Marco by surprise. Long antlers protruded from the sides of her head; he could tell it was a she because of the full mounds on her chest. She had the deepest green eyes he'd ever seen; her fur was the color of pure white snow, and her green hair was of medium length, her bangs hanging over her forehead. Even from behind he could see she had the body of a goddess. They continued to stare at each other before Marco released his grip on the Master Ball, spinning through the air at the Pokémon.
Before the ball hit her one of her hands shot from in front of her and caught the Master Ball. Marco's mouth fell open in shock. A Pokémon actually caught a Master Ball. The Shaymin threw the ball back to him which he caught in his hands. Parts of the ball were covered in a clear sweet smelling liquid.
"A human…" she said her voice melodious and pure. "I've never seen one in such a long time..."
"H-How could you have caught the Master Ball?" Marco said, still shocked by the event.
"I'm a Legendary Pokémon." She said. "You can't capture one that easily." Marco was dumbfounded.
The Shaymin bent forward onto her hands and lifted her lower body up and Marco got a front row view of her firm hindquarters. Her legs were digit-grade and resembled the hind-legs of animals so she was standing like a dog. She turned and walked of the platform towards Marco, the trainer starting to sweat. She stood up on her hind legs to make eye contact with the boy. The different features of her body were now noticeable. Green fur covered her arms up to the forearms, and on her legs up to the middle of her thigh. Her face came into a short muzzle with a small black nose at the end, and a thick tuft of white fur around her neck and above her breasts.
"Tell me trainer," she said. "What's your name?"
He swallowed, adjusting his shirt collar. "M-Marco."
The Shaymin smiled. "I see. My name is Leta."
The appearance of this boy was rather fortunate on Leta's part, because she was at that time of the year where she was in her cycle; her heat cycle. She needed the attention of a male, and Marco looked like he knew a thing or two about pleasing a female.
"Tell me human," she said, getting closer to him. "You desire to capture me and become my master?"
Marco nodded slightly. "That's what I was planning…"
"But do you have the stamina; do you have what it takes to handle a Legendary?"
Marco's face was getting redder. "What…do you mean?"
At this moment Leta's pussy was dripping wet, her vaginal fluids trickling down the inside of her legs. She needed something to relieve the heat and she needed it badly.
"Follow me into the bushes." She said seductively. "Let's see if you have what it takes to become my master."
Getting back down on all fours she walked towards the bushes, her small white tail sticking straight up. Marco was bit nervous about what she was implying, but if it meant capturing this Legendary Pokémon, he would do anything.
Following her into the bushes they were no in a small clearing with beautiful flowers covering the ground. Leta stood up on her hind-legs and turned to Marco before grabbing his collar with her paws and pulling his mouth against hers into a kiss. Marco gasped at the sudden contact and gasped louder when she shoved her tongue into his mouth. Marco never kissed a girl before so this was completely Greek to him. Did the Shaymin want to mate with him?
Leta removed her lips from his and moved her hands down to the bottom of his shirt and lifted it over his head, tossing it to the ground and exposing his well-built chest. Leta licked her lips.
"Do you have what it takes to become my new master?" she said with desire in her voice and eyes.
Marco was hesitant. Never before did he have sex with a Pokémon, neither was it exactly on his list of things to do, but this…girl…was making things hard. She was just so beautiful…
"Does it have to be this way?" Marco said. "Can't I have one of my Pokémon battle you?"
"You do want to be my master right?" Leta said.
Marco would do anything to have a Shaymin, and if this was the way she wanted to test him, how could he reject her? "Y-Yes I do. I would do anything to have you as my Pokémon."
Leta grabbed his hand and touched it against her dripping sex, hot and drenched. "Then take me."
The Shaymin wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled the boy into another passionate kiss. Marco complied by wrapping his around her waist and pulled her against him. Her hardening nipples pressed against his bare chest, her arousal becoming more apparent. Her white fur was much softer than he imagined, plush to the touch. They stood like that and kissed for several minutes, their lips wet with saliva making the kiss sloppier.
Marco moved his hands up to her chest and touched the bottom of her breasts. Leta released him and moaned softly with her eyes closed. Both of them got down on the ground on their knees and Marco was left to rub her chest with his light touch. Leta leaned her head back and a quiet moan escaped her lips. Marco's nimble fingers caressed her soft mounds gently, her nipples becoming harder. The trainer ran the tips of his thumbs over the hard buds that poked through her white fur, her chest rising with each breath.
Marco bent his head down and touched her nipple with his tongue. Leta gasped and she felt herself becoming wetter and wetter, her heat begging for the trainer. He swirled his tongue around it slowly, tasting it every which way he could. The Shaymin could feel one of the most sensitive areas of her body teased with the warm appendage and every minute was tantalizing.
Still rubbing her breasts with his hands Marco put his mouth over her breast and slowly sucked on her nipple. Leta gasped her eyes widening. The force of his sucking was incredible! Her moans came out in short gasps; the combination of the sucking while he rubbed her breasts was making her more aroused than before. The last time Marco did this was when he was an infant, but this was for an entirely different reason. Breathing through his nose he took in the scent of her body; her fur smelled like magnolias, heavenly and very feminine.
A rather odd tingling sensation went through her breasts and suddenly the area around her nipples felt wet than before. An odd taste filled his mouth and he removed his mouth from her breast, which was coated in a thick milky liquid.
"Is something wrong?" Leta said, before she looked down at her breasts. "Oh my. Your suckling seems to have roused out my milk."
The Shaymin reached forward and licked Marco's lips, tasting her own milk. Going back down to her nipple Marco licked it again, tasting the sweet liquid. It was tastier than the milk of a Miltank. Moving his mouth to the other breast he took the other nipple in his mouth, he sucked and drank the liquid that secreted from the breast. Leta's body shook from his sucking and groping, the stimulation drawing her closer. The trainer cupped his hand over the unattended breast and massaged it, his palm dampening from her mammary emission.
Marco sucked on Leta like a newborn pup, drinking up her milk in the process. Leta's fur and hair was already sweaty, a light pink blush playing across her cheeks. This boy was much better than she expected him to be; maybe he had enough stamina to be her master, but they would have to see when the time came. Her liquid pooling beneath her, her heat was growing very impatient but it almost seemed that Marco wouldn't be done anytime soon.
"Do you think you'll be done any time soon pup?" she said in a romantic tone. "We need to start the real test."
Marco released her from his mouth, almost disappointed the taste of the liquid left his senses. Leta rolled over and stood in front of Marco on all fours like before, but this time facing away from him, standing in the position Pokémon got in for mating. Her wet, swollen pussy stood out from her white body, her small tail hole lying just above it beneath the wisp of fur above. No Pokémon in the world looked so beautiful at that moment.
Leta looked back at the trainer. "Don't leave me waiting."
Marco stood up and took his shoes and socks off before undoing his belt and taking off his pants along with his boxers, showing his hard erection. Getting back down on his knees behind her he admired her firm hindquarters which he rubbed with his palm, getting a small giggle from the Pokémon. The trainer swallowed the lump in his throat, touching the outside of her moist lips and parting with his index and middle fingers, looking at the small vagina of the Legendary Pokémon. Leta moaned and looked back at the boy.
"Please Marco." She said, her heat growing stronger. "Please fuck me already."
Not wanting to leave the female waiting he took her hips in his hands, he rubbed the head of his cock against her clit before sliding inside, parting her lips and cutting into her. Leta clenched her eyes shut and winced in pain, clutching handfuls of grass and flowers in her paws. Though a virgin Pokémon were uncommon, living on an island far out from civilization by yourself, you'd be a virgin too. Marco thrust slowly into her; he could hear her gentle whimpers, so he knew to go slowly until she was ready. But he still couldn't believe what was happening; he took the virginity of a Legendary Pokémon, what else could a trainer ask for?
Leta still felt pain but the relief from her heat gave her pleasure, her lips sucking greedily on Marco's cock. She moaned as Marco made the smooth humping motion of a male Pokémon, holding onto her waist while making straight and upward thrusts. Leta looked back at the human, the look in her eyes telling him to go on. The Shaymin moved her head away and Marco slowly pulled out of her, only to re-enter and making her gasp. The boy had to fight the urge to grab onto her long antlers; they just looked like they begging for him to grab them.
The Shaymin let out a long moan her pain dulling and filling her with unconceivable pleasure. Making a backward humping motion her bottom made contact with Marco's pelvis each time he thrust. He pulled her towards him while he thrust into her so it deepened the penetration. Marco smacked against Leta's body dampening his crotch and making a soft wet thumping sound. Her folds were hot and moist around him it added to his arousal and he sped up the rate of his thrusts. Leta's breathing became loud pants, her short muzzle hanging open with her pink tongue lolled out to the side. Her mind was drowning in the sea of ecstasy that she and Marco were plunged into and clear thinking was becoming harder.
Marco pulled closer until she was hilted against him, his cock rock hard from the arousal. Tightening his grip on her slim waist he thrust his hips a little harder, driving into her further. Leta moaned loudly, her body beginning to convulse and each nerve electrifying. The Shaymin's breasts swung slowly beneath her to and fro with each movement she made when Marco slammed into her, her nipples scraping against the grass and flowers only adding to the pleasure. The bangs of her hair mat against her head from the sweat that covered her body and her antlers almost began to feel heavier than before. Tiny droplets of drool fell from the tip of her tongue, her panting and moaning increasing in tempo. The pink blush across her face was now almost a dark red, her temperature clearly rising. If Marco was a male Pokémon he would be driven crazy by the endless pheromones she was producing.
Her love juices coating Marco's dick, he rammed his body against hers, hitting a sweet spot in her body and making her back arch, crying out towards the sky. Her production of liquids was growing faster and she was closer to her climax than before. A heavy haze played around their heads screwing up every thought that entered into their head. Leta's walls tightened around the trainer's member and he almost got locked in place. He bent forward until his chest was touching her back, the red feather-like appendage rest against his shoulder. Wrapping his arms beneath her breasts he slid into her as quickly as he could, her snow white fur so warm against his skin, taking in the magnolia smell that radiated across her. Leta's breasts smacked against his arms with each thrust, her chest heaving lightly with each pant. Sliding quickly through the hold, her natural juices creating a lot of lubrication between them, he pumped deeper and deeper sending her completely over the edge.
With a loud yell of ecstasy her walls contracted tightly over him and her orgasm exploded onto him, the strong smelling liquids splashing onto him coating his skin and the ground beneath, watering onto the flowers. The act sent Marco into a frenzy and he seemed to be reacting to the strength of her pheromones. Pumping into her with a speed that could rival that of a Mightyena's he pounded onto her body before his semen erupted from his cock filling her and impregnating her, conceiving the next generation.
Leta felt spent of all she had in her aftermath of sex but Marco wasn't done with her just yet. There was still one place that hadn't gotten any attention. Pulling out of her slippery entrance he moved his length up to her tight anus.
"Oh Arceus," she said with a shudder in her voice. "Please don't go in there."
Marco rubbed her white stomach in assurance . She seemed reluctant to take it up her ass but she made no move to stop him. Her tongue still hanging from her mouth she waited patiently for him to make his next move.
Slowly pressing the head of his cock against the tight hole, he pushed into her. She screamed out in pleasure and pain as his hard, wet cock plowed her rectum slowly. It is so tight, never before had anything been inside. After a few seconds he finally managed to get his cock all the way into her ass.
Leta mewled softly experiencing a new kind of mixture of pain and pleasure. Her tongue farther out of her mouth long lines of slobber fell from it, landing on the petals of a small red flower. Marco's length probed her tight rectum as she began to moan and whimper with each thrust, the heat in the enclosed space was almost as intense as it was in her other hole. Leta pulled up handfuls of grass from the earth beneath her, her eyes shut and her mouth open in constant pants, her bestial lust overcoming her. Her cunt dripped with the liquid that she already ejaculated along with new additions to the juice.
Running his fingers through her green hair her antlers looked so appealing, he had to fight the urge to grab them because he knew the antlers were the most sensitive part on a Shaymin's body, so he could resist. Leta's insides began to burn from her pussy not getting any attention, but this seemed to make up for it. Their bodies drenched with sweat the thick odor of sex filled the air mixing with the sweet smell of flowers. Leta's loud moans echoed across the small island, her body making spasms as a second orgasm was about to hit her. Losing the rhythm of his thrusts to the pleasure he thrust faster into her anus until his cock spurted his seed into her, filling her with more warmth. Leta screamed out loud as the second climax hit her hard and with nothing obstructing her slit her liquid flowed out of her in a thick free flow like a river creating a huge pool beneath them. Marco slowly pulled out of the Pokémon, her body aching in the heat of the ecstasy.
"So…how was I?" Marco said nervously.
Leta looked back at him and smiled. "You were amazing, master."
Marco almost jumped for joy but suppressed it for the inside. Shaymin, his most favorite Pokémon in the world, was now his.
"Not only am I yours, but you're also going to be a father."
Marco's expression changed to shock and surprise. "A f-father?"
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you this, but I was in heat." She said.
"Is that why you challenged me this way?"
"I guess that was one of the reasons." She admitted. "Are you angry?"
Marco smiled and shook his head. "Of course not. I could never be mad at a Pokémon as beautiful as you."
Leta rolled over onto her behind, facing Marco with her legs spread apart like she was teasing him.
"I'm ready to be captured, master." Her delicate voice chimed. "I want to be yours forever."
Picking up the Master Ball from the grass he took one last look at the Pokémon before throwing the ball at her which she made no effort to resist. The ball opened and her body was enveloped in the white light, sucking her into the orb. The Master Ball fell onto the ground with a thump, shaking a few times before the red light went dark. Shaymin was now his.
Marco smiled from ear to ear. Putting all of his clothes back on he picked up the Master Ball which was still a little wet from earlier. Taking a whiff of the liquid he now knew what it was. The ball was covered with Leta's juices. Rubbing a spot on the ball with his finger he licked the liquid off his finger, tasting his new companion. Maybe he could taste her the next time they spent time together.
This is a request from DarkTyphlosion. So far this was the only Yaoi request I have received, so I guess Yaoi isn't particularly popular. I have a lot of experience with Yaoi so if you are a Yaoi fan you will like this, but if you don't like Yaoi, then skip this chapter.
I have however gotten a few Yuri requests and hope to do a few, because I have never written a Yuri before.
The pairing here is TyphlosionXLucario, and I hope it is to your enjoyment DarkTyphlosion :)
Btw, I do expect a review from the people who sent me requests that I do.
It was the middle of the early evening and everything was peaceful in the Sinnoh Region. The chilly breeze blew over the Eterna Forest, the leaves on the trees swaying in the wind. The forest was always so quite around this area, because of the Old Chateau that lay to the north. Pokémon and trainers alike were afraid to go anywhere near the house because of the ghosts that haunted it. Some said that if you stand in front of the gate to the Chateau, you could hear the faint sounds of ghostly moaning echoing through the howling wind.
"It's going to get dark soon." Typhlosion said to his partner, looking up at the sky.
"Yeah it is." Lucario simply said. "We'll have to find someplace to stay for the night soon."
Typhlosion look around at the trees of the forest as the duo walked down the wooded path. He wondered how Lucario could live in such a chilly place as the Sinnoh Region. Back in the Johto Region where he once lived, it was much warmer there.
When Typhlosion was still a Cyndaquil, he belonged to a trainer with dark red hair dressed in black clothes and went under the alias of "Silver". Silver was an abusive trainer, hitting him whenever he lost to this other boy who owned a Meganium and dressed in yellowish clothes, and when he did when against somebody he got no appreciation. So one day while the boy was asleep, he snuck away and never saw him again. Sometime afterwards he met Lucario, who was at the time a Riolu. Seeing that he was a Pokémon who had no experience living in the wild, he took him in and they became best friends since then. They were inseparable, never leaving the other's side.
Because of Silver's abusive behavior towards him Typhlosion was always shy and withdrawn, never really talking to anyone. But when he met Lucario that all seemed to go away. Lucario could always bring out who he truly was on the inside…
A low growling sound filled Typhlosion's ears and he looked down at his stomach. He forgot about how hungry he was. "Lucario I'm getting hungry. Let's stop and find something to eat."
"Why are you always hungry Typhlosion?" Lucario said bluntly. "Can't you go for one minute without eating anything?"
"Hey I can't help how my stomach acts." Typhlosion defended.
Lucario sighed. "Alright. Let's stop and take a break while we're at it."
Taking rest underneath a large tree Lucario gathered so Oran Berries for him and his friend. Sitting down next to the Typhlosion he handed him a berry.
"Here my friend." He said. "Eat, and if needed, regain your strength.
Taking the berry from Lucario's paw, his paw touched the pads of Lucario's paw. Typhlosion swallowed nervously when he felt the leathery softness of the pad.
"Stop trying to fool yourself Typhlosion." He said to himself in his mind, bringing up the one subject that he always argued with himself about. "You know that Lucario isn't that way. Lucario is as straight as an arrow."
Typhlosion shook the thought out of his mind and took another bite of his berry. He looked over at Lucario. The canine Pokémon had his eyes closed in concentration, taking bites of his berry the entire time.
"Then again you don't have any clue who or what Lucario is attracted to." He thought bringing it up again. "Maybe he has no attraction whatsoever. He's always so serious all the time he's shown almost no emotion around anyone except me..."
Lucario opened his right eye and peered at Typhlosion. Little did the both of them know that they were thinking the same exact thing. Lucario ripped the skin of the berry off with his sharp teeth. His entire life he never mentioned to anyone that he was gay. Since he met Typhlosion he came to see him as a friend, but overtime however he started to want more from him; he wanted to be more than just friends.
But how do you tell your best friend that you're gay and want to be more than friends? It's never an easy task. Lucario always feared that if he revealed his attraction, Typhlosion would think the only reason he wanted to be friends with him was to sleep with him later on. Typhlosion were known for their volatile attitudes, but Typhlosion never got angry around him so what would the harm be in telling him?
"It could harm our friendship." Lucario thought. "Sure my sexuality was and has never been a topic of discussion but how could I possibly tell him I'm attracted to males, or more accurately, him?"
"Lucario, can I ask you something?" Typhlosion said while finishing the last bite of his Oran Berry.
"What is it you ask of me?" Lucario said closing his eyes once more.
"How…how come we've never talked about your…um…sexuality?"
Lucario swallowed nervously but put up his protective barrier. "That's a very personal subject to discuss. And I'm not sure now's a good time to talk about it."
Typhlosion dropped the subject right there. He was not going to have another endless argument with Lucario again, like they always end up doing when the question of his sexuality arises.
Lucario finished off the rest of his Oran Berry, licking his muzzle of the blue liquids. "There you go avoiding his question again for the umpteenth time. When are you going to tell him and admit your feelings to him?"
Lucario scolded himself for his stubborn move. But he had a feeling it might just be for the best. After all he didn't want to ruin the great friendship they already had.
Typhlosion put a paw on Lucario's shoulder. "Lucario, we're best friends, you know that. You know if something's ever bothering you, you can always tell me. I won't judge you."
Lucario looked at Typhlosion and gave a weak smile before patting his arm. "I know Typhlosion; I just don't want to talk about it."
Typhlosion frowned and removed his paw from his friend. He hated when there was something Lucario wasn't comfortable enough to talk about, even to his best friend. Typhlosion loved Lucario with all of his heart, and he wanted to see the canine Pokémon happy. Lucario always had such a serious demeanor, barely ever showing his true emotions.
"Could there be a reason why he's so withdrawn from you?" He thought to himself. "Lucario are always very collected Pokémon so that could just be his personality…Then again we are loyal to each other so there should be no reason for keeping major secrets….What if Lucario isn't as straight as you think he is? What if he's keeping his sexuality a secret because…he's in love with you too…?" Typhlosion clamped his eyes shut and shook the thought out of his head. "There you go thinking that again. Lucario isn't in to that sort of thing…"
Lucario stood up and took a deep breath. "I think it is time to continue onward." He said while looking at Typhlosion. "What about you my friend?"
Typhlosion yawned and got to his feet. "I feel much better now. I'm ready to move on."
Moving away from their resting place they continued walking onward to the northern part of the forest. The wind began to pick up battering against the gentle green grass and the foliage of the trees. The climate was starting to become chillier, blowing through Lucario's fur and making his skin crawl. Typhlosion rubbed his arms with his paws, his skin used to warmer weather.
"You'd think a-after all this time of living in Sinnoh my skin would have adapted to this climate." Typhlosion said.
"But you're a fire Pokémon." Lucario said. "Those hot insides of yours should keep you warm."
"True but you have that warm fur of yours." The taller Pokémon said.
"Touché." Lucario admitted.
That fur…Typhlosion stared at Lucario, at his fur. It looked so warm, so soft…How he wanted to stay warm by Lucario's side. Typhlosion would have fantasies about Lucario, just like anyone would about someone they love. But he knew these fantasies were beginning to get the best of him when he started to stare at Lucario's ass.
A drop of water fell onto the top of his head, abruptly taking him out of his thoughts. He looked up at the darkening sky, dark clouds obscuring the sky.
Lucario looked behind his shoulder to see Typhlosion standing in place looking up at the sky. "Is something the matter my companion?"
"Rain…" Typhlosion said dreadfully. "It's starting to rain…"
Lucario looked up at the heavens and a rain drop fell onto the end of his nose. Typhlosion whimpered slightly, the thought of being caught in rain scaring him to death.
"You're right." Lucario said. "I saw a cave somewhere behind us. We can take shelter there for the night until the rain stops."
xxxx
The rain was pouring in a deluge outside, the thunder rumbling across the sky. Typhlosion lay against the wall, shivering from the cold air. The rain started to pour down in a split second before he and Lucario found the cave. If there's one thing that could spell death for a fire Pokémon, that's being caught in the middle of a rain storm.
Lucario sat with his legs crossed in the middle of the cave floor, his mind deep in concentration. Small clouds of aura hung around his body, particularly his paws. Whenever Lucario was concentrating on whatever it was he was thinking the clouds were usually bigger and thicker.
"He must have a lot on his mind…" Typhlosion thought.
Lucario's mouth twitched slightly, his meditation beginning to deteriorate from the thoughts that constantly made their way back into his head. He opened his eyes slightly and looked out the mouth of the cave into the mist and pouring rain. The trees were almost obscured by the falling water as well as the twilight. It was like they were isolated from the rest of the world in the cave. But so much was on Lucario's mind that he couldn't enjoy the beauty.
"Curse it all…" he thought. "I can't train my skills of the aura like this. My mind is too distracted." Lucario looked at Typhlosion who was also looking outside the cave. He stared at the larger Pokémon, his red pupils fixed on the magenta ones of Typhlosion.
Typhlosion sighed and turned his attention away from the rain and saw Lucario staring right at him. The minute their eyes met Lucario turned his head away.
Lucario's extra sensitive hearing picked up a shuffling sound from his side and he got the feeling that something was standing over him.
"Lucario?" Typhlosion's voice went through his brain.
Lucario opened his eyes and looked behind his shoulder. Typhlosion was standing over him, his paws at his arms again.
"Is something distressing you?" Lucario said as casually as he could.
"It's freezing over there. Do you mind if I sit by you for warmth?" the fire type said.
Lucario shook his head. "Of course not. I don't mind."
Swallowing the lump in his throat he sat directly behind his friend, taking a chance with what he was about to do. He scooted closer until their bodies were practically touching. Lucario could feel his temperature rising. The position didn't make him uncomfortable but it still took him by surprise.
"Are you warm enough back there?" Lucario said with a small chuckle.
Typhlosion put his paws at Lucario's shoulders, rubbing them while trying to get them warm. Lucario closed his eyes and let out a soft moan. He scooted backwards until his back was touching Typhlosion's front. Typhlosion was a bit taken aback by this gesture, not expecting that reaction from Lucario.
Lucario swallowed, realizing the thing he just did could set Typhlosion off. He waited a few minutes for a reaction, but nothing came.
"Typhlosion?" Lucario said silently.
Typhlosion slowly moved his shaky paw down to Lucario's back, the other's reactions taking the other by surprise.
"Typhlosion?" Lucario spoke up. "Can I tell you something?"
Typhlosion stopped rubbing the dog Pokémon to let him speak. "Yes Lucario?"
Lucario wrung his paws, not knowing where to start. "Please don't hate me for saying this, but…would you…hate me…if I told you I was gay?"
The Lucario's admittance was a bit of a shocker to Typhlosion but it wasn't a bad kind of shock; it was a good one.
"Why would I hate you?" Typhlosion said like Lucario was crazy.
"Because I didn't want you to think that I took you in for selfish reasons, reasons of my own." Lucario looked back outside the cave.
Typhlosion's paws went back to Lucario's shoulders and he rubbed them affectionately. "Lucario, you have been the only friend, and the only family I had since I left Silver's custody. You have always been there for me through thick and thin, even in the darkest of times. There's no way I could ever be mad at you. I love you Lucario and there is nothing that could ever change that."
Typhlosion pulled Lucario into an embrace, taking in the warmth of his fur. A blush went across Lucario's face.
"I…If I had known you felt the same I would have told you a long time ago. I've always wanted to be more than just a friend to you."
"I wish you would have told me a long time ago." Typhlosion said, running his paws down Lucario's arms.
"Yeah, I-I wish I would have…" Lucario breathed.
Typhlosion moved a hand to the back of Lucario's head and gently pulled down lifting the canine's head towards the ceiling. Typhlosion ran his fat tongue across Lucario's fur, tasting and taking in his musky smell. Lucario moaned softly and put his paws on Typhlosion's, unsheathing his claws slightly. The fat wet appendage slithered across Lucario's neck leaving trails of slobber and saturating the fur. Lucario reached up and rubbed the top of Typhlosion's head, pulling him closer. Typhlosion looked to the space between Lucario's legs, where his member was showing itself from its prison, the knot at the base already inflating with blood. Typhlosion smirked and moved his left paw down to the organ and took hold of it making Lucario gasp.
"Typhlosion…" he moaned as the other Pokémon ran his fingers down the red shaft slowly, feeling it throb in his paw.
Tiny beads of sweat played on Lucario's head, dripping down his muzzle. His eyes stayed transfixed on Typhlosion's hand as he continued to pleasure him. His length continued to grow in size, the knot fully inflated as much as it could. Lucario licked his dry lips, trying to keep himself from having an orgasm earlier than he wanted. Lucario's tongue fell out of his mouth and he panted like a dog, his eyes turning a soft, bright shade of blue. Strangely his aura was channeling itself and he felt it growing stronger than when he meditated. Typhlosion moved his paw faster over the red skin, his own becoming hard and poking Lucario's back.
"I see you're…enjoying this…too…" Lucario panted, his eyes beginning to glaze over.
Typhlosion's speed went faster but he took care not to hurt the most sensitive part on his friend's body. Lucario's heart beat raced and all sensation was concentrated into his crotch, his knot throbbing heavily, the release coming closer and closer until he could no longer hold it.
Lucario let out a frustrated grunt as he tried to suppress it with as much strength as he could. Typhlosion could see his ordeal, and decided to let his friend release. He gave Lucario's cock a small squeeze and the small gesture was enough to make Lucario loose all control. Typhlosion cupped his paw over the tip just in time for Lucario's semen to burst into his palm, filling it with warmth. Leaving Lucario panting Typhlosion lifted his paw to his face and examined the thick cloudy fluid that coated his paw. Sticking his tongue out over his paw he licked it clean of the liquid, the salty taste filling his mouth.
"Arceaus," Lucario panted. "Where did you learn how to do that?"
"It just came to me." Typhlosion smirked. "Can you do me a favor, and get on your back?"
"Of course." Lucario said, lying down on the cave floor when Typhlosion moved from behind him.
Typhlosion got in front of him and lowered himself down on top of Lucario so he was lying flat on top of him. Lucario felt a little bit of pressure from the fire type's larger girth but he could take it for a while.
"What are we going to do now?" Lucario asked.
"Just a little bit more foreplay." Typhlosion responded.
Leaning his head down Typhlosion slowly put his lips against Lucario's, enveloping the canine in a kiss. Lucario graciously accepted it back and wrapped his arms around the other's neck, his paws slowly becoming encased in dark blue clouds of aura. Typhlosion's tongue was too large to fit inside Lucario's mouth so he allowed him to do all the work here. Lucario gladly slid his tongue in Typhlosion's, mouth, taking in the some-what stale taste of the Oran Berry he had eaten earlier that evening. Lucario moved his tongue to one side while he allowed Typhlosion's saliva to slowly trickle down into his mouth. Small sparks of flames began to rise from Typhlosion's back. Pulling his tongue from Lucario's grasp he moved his head up Lucario's head and licked his ears with the fat tip, making them twitch. Lucario let out a small chuckle, rubbing the back of Typhlosion's neck. Placing his tongue at the tip he slowly ran it down his ear, down his check, and across his neck. The arousal was becoming so much for them, especially Typhlosion who had not yet had a release.
"I think that's…enough foreplay for today." Lucario said. "I want to feel you inside me…"
Typhlosion smiled and gave the jackal one last kiss before getting off of him. Lucario rolled over and got on his knees, low enough for Typhlosion to reach. Moving Lucario's tail to the side and edging closer to him, he slowly placed his cock at the entrance to Lucario's anus. Typhlosion's member was quite large but it came to a smaller size at the tip, which was enough to get Lucario ready for what was to come.
Gently prodding Lucario's small hole, he only pushed an inch or two of the tip inside. Shivers went up Lucario's spine at the very foreign feeling, a small grunt escaping his throat. Typhlosion continuously poked the small hole with the tip of his shaft, trying to help his future mate get used to the size, which wasn't going to be an easy task. Lucario's tongue hung from his mouth still, the clouds of aura growing stronger around his paws. The flames on Typhlosion's back grew to small embers that threatened to explode and ignite the entire cave, if it could anyway.
Pushing a tiny bit more inside, Lucario let out a long moan as the tip entered the inside of his anus further. Typhlosion's body started to sweat with Lucario's his breathing coming out deeply. Placing his paws at Lucario's hips he gripped the short blue fur as gently as he could without pulling any out. Lucario's hole started to dilate from the prodding of Typhlosion's cock, giving him more space to slip inside.
A pleasurable sensation shot through Lucario's body but it was also accompanied by a sharp burning feeling. Sweat flowed down his head as his anus was stretched to fit the capacity of what was going into him. Typhlosion slowly pushed the same amount of his cock inside Lucario with each thrust, making the jackal moan and whimper softly.
"Can I go further?" Typhlosion said to the canine.
Lucario swallowed his dry throat and nodded his head. "Yes…yes…I think I'm ready for you."
Typhlosion slowly pushed more of his throbbing organ inside Lucario, up to halfway this time. The burning feeling got a bit worse as Typhlosion pumped his cock in Lucario, stretching his anus each time he thrust back inside. Lucario bore his sharp teeth making him look like a feral beast, his breaths coming out in short gasps.
"Faster…Go a little faster…" Lucario moaned despite the pain.
Typhlosion went a little bit faster, driving more inside Lucario. The canine Pokémon clawed at the dirt beneath him, trying to contemplate the intense feelings that went through him. Love…Lust…Desire…Pain? Everything was going so quickly at the speed of light that Lucario could barley even recognize some of the feelings, which only ended up drowning in the sea of sweat that covered the bodies of the two Pokémon.
Typhlosion rammed his cock into Lucario's wanting hole, panting heavily at the same speed as his thrusts. The flames on his back reached their full size lighting up the dark and depressing cave. Typhlosion arched his back forward sending his flames pointing upwards. Still holding onto Lucario's hips he pulled the canine a bit closer penetrating him deeper stabbing the special spot inside him. The blue jackal cried out in pleasure, pain, and surprise as Typhlosion pounded onto Lucario's body with more passion. Lucario's member throbbed as that familiar tingling sensation crawled across his skin once more, teasing him each and every time. Not quite pushing his entire cock in Lucario his own release felt closer than it did before.
"So close…So near…" Typhlosion breathed, his ecstatic feeling growing even stronger and embedding itself in his member.
Lucario tried to respond but couldn't. Everything was becoming foggy from the sweat invading his eyes. Even with nothing stimulating it his cock was sent over the edge and his cum shot from the swollen tip, coating the dirt on the cave floor. With a few more rams against his hindquarters Typhlosion hilted himself against Lucario, his cock bulging in several places and discharged his semen inside the canine, filling his body with the intense heat that could only come from a fire Pokémon.
Slowly pulling his cock from Lucario's swollen, raw hole, the flames on Typhlosion's back slowly died down leaving the cave dark again. Lucario sat back on his knees, his behind hurting with an almost intense pain.
"How do you feel?" Typhlosion said to his friend, and now-mate.
"A little sore." Lucario said, rubbing his rear with his paw.
Typhlosion picked up the smaller canine in his arms, embracing him in another hug again while licking back of his head with that warm tongue of his head. "I love you Lucario." He said happily.
Lucario rubbed Typhlosion's front and smiled at the fire type. "I love you too big guy."
Maria always liked to take a nice cold shower after a long day of training, in the middle of summer. The exhilarating feeling off the water pattering over her skin made all her stresses disappear down the drain with the water. Usually people take a cold shower after a long day outside, sweating like a pig, and then get out, but Maria took a nice long, hot shower to warm up her freezing body.
Though most Pokémon didn't like to take showers, (most liked to take or be given baths), Kirlia, Maria's favorite Pokémon, always liked to take a shower right after Maria did, when the shower was nice, hot, and steamy. Obviously Kirlia used cleaning products made specifically for Pokémon, but as unusual as it might sound she sometimes used some of the products that Maria used, mostly the body wash, which was a nice and fragrant mixture of coconut and apricot. Everyone always complimented Maria on how heavenly her Pokémon smelled when she used that.
Stepping out of the steaming shower Maria dried herself off with a towel and wrapped it around her body. Unzipping her red and blue backpack which she had lying next to the sink; she pulled out a white premier ball from the small collection of Poké Balls.
The Premier Ball snapped open and the humanoid Emotion Pokémon Kirlia materialized onto the bathroom floor. The Pokémon looked up at its trainer.
"The shower's all yours girl." She said running her fingers through her long dirty-blonde hair to get rid of some of the knots.
Kirlia bowed politely to her trainer. "Kirlia…" she chimed.
Maria got a spare towel out from underneath the sink and sat it down in front of the shower. Opening the glazed door and letting Kirlia in, she turned the shower back on for her and closed the door behind the Pokémon. Kirlia never had problems getting out but she had quite a few with actually getting in. Maria left the bathroom and shut the door behind her before any of the heat or steam could dissipate.
Kirlia let out a small sigh as the hot water fell over her body like a refreshing waterfall. She always preferred showers to baths because showers made her feel like she was in the rain. Spinning her body around she allowed her whole body to become drenched in the soothing water.
After Maria would finish with her shower she would always lay out whatever Kirlia needed to get and keep herself clean. Usually she wasn't particularly finicky about which type of wash she used, but after she developed a bit of a crush on an Abra that belonged to Maria's best friend, she wanted only the best; there were so many different types of shampoos and washes for Pokémon since the introduction of contests that started in Hoenn. Shampoos were only good for Pokémon that had fur, which was something Kirlia did not have.
Picking up a rather small bottle of body wash, she opened up the cap and dispensed a little amount of the blue, fragrant goop into her palm. Rubbing the shower gel against her white body in smooth circular motions the Emotion Pokémon closed her eyes and breathed in the sweet-smelling gel, she was always reminded why humans enjoy showers so much.
Outside the shower one of the Poké Balls in Maria's backpack, which she forgot to take with her, let alone zip back up, flipped open and her Mawile emerged from the white silhouette. Blinking her eyes a few times she looked around the room, examining the heavy cloud of mist that filled the small room. Everything was hot, which would only make it better.
Her eyes shining with lust, her insides were getting warm and not just from the heat in the room. She could barely make out the colors of Kirlia's beautiful body through the glazed glass of the shower walls, but she wanted to see more. Turning her body around she the large black maw growing from the back of her head reached up and hooked its long sharp teeth around the handle of the shower and pulled it open. Mawile turned back around and stood in the entrance of the steaming shower.
"Hey there's someone in here!" Kirlia almost shouted through the mist.
Mawile's maw grabbed onto the bottom of the door and with a hard tug the door snapped shut. Kirlia squinted through the haze, and her eyes widened when she saw her companion standing there, in the shower.
"Mawile don't you know how to knock?" Kirlia said, and then sighed before going back to washing her body. "For a minute I thought you were one of the males."
"No. It's just me." Mawile said deviously.
"If you need something can't it wait until I'm done?" Kirlia said.
Mawile carefully tread across the wet white tiles of the shower floor, quietly getting behind the other Pokémon. For weeks she prayed to Arceus that Maria would leave her in the bathroom, by herself, with Kirlia, and finally the Pokémon god answered her prayers, her prayers that she could fulfill her lust for the other female. Mawile could feel herself already dripping, and not just from the water.
Edging closer to Kirlia until their bodies were almost touching, Mawile wrapped her arm around the slightly larger Pokémon's waist and pulling her against her front and slipping her other down between her legs. Kirlia gasped in surprise at the unexpected move but didn't fight back from Mawile's grasp, not even when the Pokémon's hand went down to her most sensitive area.
"Mawile…What are you…?" Kirlia said quietly.
"Shhh…" Mawile said. "Don't speak."
Slowly she rubbed the very tips of her fingers on the very rim of Kirlia's clit. The Emotion Pokémon's eyes widened again and the bottle of shower gel fell from her hand, dropping noisily to the floor with a soft sploosh. Mawile rubbed her fingertips across the edge of the warm slit, sopping wet from the hot shower. Trying to comprehend what was going on, Krilia's thought were disrupted by a small surge of pleasure going through her and she let out a soft moan.
"You like that?" Mawile smirked, teasing her by poking the tips of her pointed black fingers in between the green folds of her pussy, making her emit a small noise that sounded like a gasp.
"Y-Yes…" Kirlia forced out, the water beating down on her body and making speaking difficult.
The steel type spread Kirlia's slit apart and plunged the tip of her index finger inside her. Kirlia shuddered and clenched her eyes shut, the heat of arousal scorching through her body. Mawile responded by shoving her finger into her small yet cavernous hole, sodden with her vaginal liquids.
"OOOOHHH…." Kirla moaned, her eyes part of the way open and her vision blurry form the shower's steam.
Mawile's own sex was dripping with desire that was quickly turning into full fledged lust. Her hand was drenched with a mixture of water and Kirlia's leaking juices. The Emotion Pokémon leaned her head back and moaned when Mawile slid another finger inside her. Kirlia stuck her tongue out and breathed loudly the water cascading down her pink tongue. Mawile rubbed Kirlia's soapy chest, massaging her soaked left breast, her nipple hardening under her palm. Kirlia whimpered and shook against the other female's body, the warmth passing between them.
"Your body is so wet…I can see why you're the Mistress's favorite." Mawile said lustily, the tip of her tongue playing across the skin on the back of her neck. "Let's see if we can make you even more wet."
Mawile worked her fingers in Kirlia's puffy, throbbing organ, stroking her clitoris. Kirlia looked up at the ceiling, a small trail of drool going down the corner of her mouth. The hot water struck onto her chest, streaming down her body, down onto Mawile's hand. The water splashed onto her clit every time her fingers went back to pleasuring her. The steel type's vagina tingled and begged for something to be shoved inside, her cum leaking down her legs and mixing with the shower water.
Mawile furiously worked the black pointed digits past Kirlia's swollen pussy and back into the liquid-drenched cavern. Kirlia threw her head back and cried out in ecstasy, the sensation her breasts and clit being stimulated absolutely maddening, which was only made hotter and more pleasurable from the wet and humid environment created by the shower.
"M…Maw-ile!" Kirlia groaned, everything word turning up almost slurred. "F-Fuck me h…h-harder!"
Mawile moved her other hand down to Kirlia's vagina and switched hands before going back to work. She moved her left hand up to Kirlia's mouth before the down pouring water could wash any of it off. She slipped the saturated appendages into her open mouth. Kirlia ran her tongue across and around the fingers, like she was a slave for Mawile's pleasure. Kirlia closed her eyes and messily licked her own sweet tasting discharge off Mawile's fingers, tasting the succulent nectar. The psychic type moaned through her open mouth, her body aching from the constant travel of the orgasm that threatened to burst from her body like an unstable water balloon.
Mawile rubbed her insides like she was trying to force Kirlia's orgasm upon her. Kirlia's moans became both longer and louder as the intense pleasure breached her body and attacking her like a virus attacks a person's immune system. Her juices splashed out messily over Mawile's hand coating it and her forearm Finally Mawile added two more fingers to the load inside her, totaling up to four. Mawile quickly removed her hand from the other female's mouth before Kirlia clamped her teeth down, breathing sharply through them. The psychic Pokémon's engorged walls contracted several times before she came onto Mawile's hand, her juices spilling out in a torrent and splashing into the pool of water beneath them.
Mawile removed her fingers from Kirlia's sopping hole, her own cavern begging for a release. As if she could read exactly what she was thinking Kirlia turned to her and pulled her smaller body closer, stooping down slightly to pull her into a lusty kiss. Kirlia slid her tongue into Mawile's mouth, feeling every inch and corner of her warm cavernous mouth; there was no telling what her other warmth would be like. They pulled each other closer, their chests pressing against the other and they could feel each other's erect nipples. Kirlia's wet hair slapped against the sides of Mawile's head, hitting the black extensions that grew from the top of her head. The water that cascaded down their bodies accompanied by the haze of steam made everything very sloppy, and extremely heated. Moaning into the other's mouth Mawile was getting hornier with every second that passed by.
"I can't take it…!" Mawile growled in a slutty manner. "I need an orgasm…!"
Kirlia pulled away from Mawile's mouth a kneeled down in front of her where the steel Pokémon's dripping and very engorged pink pussy was waiting for her. Kirlia spread Mawile's legs slightly and moved her head between her legs. Flicking her tongue out she teased the outside lips of her womanhood, sending Mawile into a blissful state. She took hold of the psychic's hair and squeezed the strands between her fingers with as much strength as she could without pulling them out. Kirlia swirled her tongue around the surface of her depths, tasting the drops of essence and water that soaked her body. Mawile made a smooth humping motion with her hips, rubbing her clitoris against Kirlia's tongue. She smiled up at the Pokémon when she saw the idyllic expression across her face, almost concealed by the vapor. Kirlia slowly pressed her tongue into Mawile's sex, rubbing against every nerve inside her. Her body shook like she was attacked by the lightning bolt of a Zapdos. Everything part of her body felt good and the only thing that mattered was the sinful act they were committing in their mistress's shower.
Kirlia moved her tongue in and out of Mawile in a smooth motion like that of a male Pokémon's cock. The experience was so similar yet so much better. She alternated between giving her outer folds small gentle nibbles before going back to pleasuring her mate of that moment. Mawile's sex juices were pouring out in a rabid almost nonstop flow that almost couldn't be stopped. The shower water, which was still hot and refreshing, pattered down onto their bodies, washing away the sweat from their skin. The maw growing from the back of Mawile's head panted like it was connected to her respiratory system, the tongue lolling out and splashing in the water.
Every synapse of her body rushed at the speed of light as Kirlia continued to pleasure her with that warm tongue of hers. The bathroom echoed with the loud moans coming from Mawile and the very soft squishing sound that came from the contact of Kirlia's tongue against Mawile's throbbing clit.
"Ahhhghhh…" Mawile moaned, her tongue flicking from her mouth. "So good…" The warm saliva coming from the psychic Pokémon's mouth made her sliding tongue move around with much more ease. Her walls began to tighten, almost sending her into a pleasured spasm. This reaction sent Kirlia further and she started to suck on her clit. This was becoming too much for Mawile, her sex fluids were coming in a violent flow until, with a final loud cry (which sounded more like a scream) of ecstasy, it all exploded out of her like a volcano, pouring out onto Kirlia's face. Kirlia giggled softly and licked the juice from around her mouth.
"That was…fantastic." Mawile panted, the water washing away every trace of her orgasm.
"I should be the one who's tired." Kirlia said without standing up. "You did more than I did."
"We were both fantastic. Let's put it that way." Mawile said with a smile. Kirlia smiled back.
Abruptly the door to the bathroom opened, interrupting the two Pokémon of their thoughts. "'Kirlia? Is everything okay in there?"
The two Pokémon's faces fell and before they had time to react the door to the shower opened and there stood Maria, whose expression changed to shock when she saw Mawile in with Kirlia. The two Pokémon stared at her. Maria looked back at the backpack she forgot to bring with her. She turned back to them with a smile on her face.
"Naughty girls." She giggled. "Maybe I should forget my bag more often."
* * *
I'm freaking out a little because this was my first yuri and I hope it was good. I hope you all like it and with any luck maybe I'll do another one, depending on the reaction I get. I was feeling this way when I did my first yaoi, but I'm a little more worried this time.
If you are a yuri fan go ahead and suggest a yuri pairing if you like. Maybe I can change my policy…

Sabrina X Kadabra
Hi everyone! I'm sorry I haven't updated in a while but I've had a hectic schedule and I hope this makes up for it!
This is a request from MinimalVolume.
A lemon between Sabrina and her Kadabra is something you don't really see everyday which was why I was so happy to do this one. MinimalVolume, I know things might not be as you want them, and I apologize. I really wanted to do this pairing, and I just could not find any other way for it to work. There's just a certain way I write things.
And justin2019, be patient with your request. I'm writing it now but I'm alternating between requests and I am working hard to make it a good one for you.
Italics indicate Sabrina and Kadabra's telepathic thoughts.
* * *
The Saffron Gym was always quiet in the dull blue light of the dawn, when the vivid yellow sun would rise and reveal itself from its hiding place and banish the darkness until twilight fell upon the land again. The halls of the Gym were dark, not a single ounce of light penetrating the murky depths of the darkness. The Gym's battle arena was dark, the sounds of laughter from that one single day, the day she met the Pokémon that changed her life, still keeping itself as an unbroken memory.
In the light of the oncoming dawn Sabrina would awaken before her parents did and get her day started. They could never understand why she would ever want to get up so early in the morning, but they didn't understand that with every hour lost you lost another chance to accomplish something, to try something new, maybe even make a difference in the lives of on individual or maybe even many. Sabrina was a young woman so things like this were very important to her.
So today, in the darkness of the Gym, one single room was lit with a bright light that pierced the darkness of the morning gloom; the room where the other psychics trained their powers, honed their abilities, and had a place to just converse with others who shared their gift, where they would be neglected elsewhere. Sabrina felt their pain; she experienced the same things that all psychics face in their lives; rejection from people who didn't understand nor wanted to understand their gifts, the lack of friends because people feared them, but it's not like Sabrina wanted friends at the moment; what was the point of having friends if they would just hate you for what you were? All those years she only had one friend and companion who shared her abilities, and that was her Kadabra.
In the only lit room in the Gym Sabrina and Kadabra sat across from each other at one of the three long metal tables. Kadabra held a spoon in his hand, but not the one he used to amplify his powers. The spoon he held was longer and the groove was not a deep as his. Staring directly at the spoon with his hardened eyes, all his thoughts were struggling to concentrate on the silverware in front of him. For a psychic to be able to use the most of their abilities the mind must be emptied of all other thoughts; they must all be used on the target object. In this case the target was the spoon. Once every week in the early morning he and Sabrina would have private sessions together and train their powers, out of the sight of others.
Kadabra was very skilled in his powers and had the right amount of training to be able to control them, but it is very hard for a psychic to concentrate when their mind is distracted. Sabrina was always his distraction, since the start of their new method of "training"; that's what Sabrina told her parents.
But they only did this "training" as a reward if Kadabra could finish the task Sabrina gave him. If he failed he would have to wait until next week. He failed last week so today he had a lot on his mind. His task was not only to bend a spoon, but to break it in half as well. Sabrina sat with her arms crossed, her eyes fixed on Kadabra. She loved to see her Pokémon struggle to complete her task; his face wet, his eyes twitching, his arms shaking. While she enjoyed watching his efforts she also wanted him to get stronger. The spoon was a part of the way bent but she knew Kadabra could do it. Part of her wanted him to succeed.
"Calm down your emotions…" Kadabra thought to himself. "Don't let anything distract you from the task at hand."
Kadabra closed his eyes, his grip on the spoon tightening. The Pokémon tried to take his mind off his trainer, off the thoughts of her lying on the table, naked before him… Kadabra shook his head. Thoughts like that would guarantee his failure. His mind needed to be clear, to be empty of all distractions. He concentrated all thought on the silver spoon. His mind slowly drained itself of all other memories and recollections, transforming into waves of psychic energy. The vibrations transferring from his mind to the spoon causing it to bend slightly. Sabrina smiled and undid the top two buttons of her double-breasted jacket.
"That's right Kadabra." She said with a low tone of voice. "You can do it." Her voice almost took his mind away but he quickly recovered and continued to concentrate his energy on the silver utensil. The spoon bent a few more inches, almost to the half-point. The whole room was silent except for Kadabra's somewhat labored breaths. His mustache and ears twitched, his mind straining to break the barrier between him and Sabrina. Kadabra cracked his eyes open, which were steadily glowing a light blue. Through the light he could see Sabrina slowly unbuttoning her jacket which would normally reveal the long sleeved black shirt she wore underneath, but today she was not wearing it and through the folds of the jacket the psychic Pokémon could faintly see the bra she wore underneath. Kadabra swallowed and just barely lost his concentration.
Taking a long sigh, he focused on the spoon but did nothing. Finally opening his eyes, they turned bright blue and with as all the strength he had he bent the spoon in half with one fluid motion, breaking it clean in half in the process, clanking against the metal table. Kadabra took deep breaths, his hand shaking tiredly, almost nervously. The half of the spoon in his hand fell from his loosened grip and dropped beside its companion on the table.
Sabrina smiled, and clapped her hands. "Very good Kadabra!" she exclaimed. "You're getting better at this."
"Thank you Mistress." Kadabra said telepathically. "But my concentration was not where it was supposed to be. I think my psychic abilities will need more training."
"There's always room for more training no matter how strong or advanced your powers are." Sabrina said. "But that training can wait for another day. You did well today, and I think you deserve your reward."
The dark-haired woman unbuttoned the last pair of buttons from her jacket and removed it from her body revealing her red lacy bra. Kadabra swallowed and picked up his isolated spoon from the table. The simple sight of his trainer like this was enough to make his member poke out from its hiding place just below the middle red line inscribed on his lower area. Sabrina removed her black boots and cast them aside before standing up and dropping her pants to the floor, showing her Pokémon her matching panties.
"Like what you see Kadabra?" she said with a smile on her face.
Kadabra licked the base of his right mustache with his long tongue. "Yes Mistress. I always do." He said silently, his length almost fully erect.
"I can sense your anticipation." The telepath said, staring at her Pokémon. "This is what was distracting you."
Kadabra smirked. He could never hide anything from her; her mind reading powers were quite possibly the most supreme of her many abilities, and she always liked to use it against him, to study and examine his hopes, his dreams, his greatest desires; and she was his greatest desire.
Sabrina's eyes turned a light blue and Kadabra was suddenly forced off the chair onto the floor, onto his knees. He knew exactly what was going to happen. Sabrina liked to "torture" him, in a sense. Sabrina strode in front of him, looking down at the psychic type who was on all fours. The young woman smiled and licked her lips. Her eyes glowed once more and her psychic influence moved down Kadabra's body. The yellow Pokémon felt a strong pressure in his lower area and he gasped out loud as Sabrina used her powers to squeeze his cock. The pressure went through the reddened appendage in a smooth motion like she was trying to evenly distribute the pleasure. Kadabra clenched his teeth and whimpered softly in pleasure.
"Does that feel good?" she whispered, her voice dark and mystifying.
"Why must you…torture me like this Mistress?" Kadabra said, his strained eyes looking up at his trainer.
"Sometimes in life you have to beg for what you desire." Sabrina said, her fingers running down the front of her panties down between her legs.
Kadabra turned his head away from her. Just the very sight of her could make him lose control. Sabrina continued pleasuring him with her mind, his dick throbbing impatiently. Kadabra's finger's spread put on the floor, his claws stabbing into the cold white tile beneath him. He let out a suppressed moan from between his clenched teeth, his body beginning to sweat.
"Please Mistress…" Kadabra whimpered pathetically. "Please release me…"
"Not good enough."
The pressure increased in his cock as her endearing and pleasurable torture continued to assault him. Kadabra opened his mouth and let out a loud moan. Shifting his weight onto one hand he lifted the other off the floor and grabbed his aching member. Running his fingers down his shaft he moaned softly as a little bit of the stress was relieved from his sensitive organ, his tongue sticking out from the side of his mouth. Sabrina watched Kadabra's suffering, those slim almost bony fingers working his red cock, and it was turning her on. She slipped her fingers down her panties and rubbed the outside of her already dripping clit, but as much as she liked this sight he needed to learn patience; he needed to beg for her. Using her powers she forced Kadabra's hand away from his dick and planted it back on the floor.
"You've done that long enough." Sabrina said sinisterly. "You have to beg for what you want."
The pressure returned and Kadabra's sweaty body nearly convulsed, howling out in agony. He panted heavily as his orgasm was coming closer and he knew he wouldn't last much longer. Looking up at his trainer, she slid her fingers in and out of her damp pussy, moaning as quietly as she could and staring right into his eyes.
"Beg for what you want…" she said in a sultry tone of voice. Kadabra attempted to lift his hand up but her more advanced abilities had his hands pinned to the floor. Sabrina was pushing him past his limits and it was more than he could bear.
"Mistress I beg of you…!" Kadabra gasped. "Please release me! I can't take it any longer!"
Sabrina smiled and removed her hand from her panties. "That was much better." She released her grip from the psychic Pokémon who was left panting. Sabrina reached behind her back and unhooked her bra and removed the article from her torso. Grabbing onto the lining of her panties she pulled them down past her slender legs, leaving them discarded on the floor. As part of their game it was only fair that Kadabra get a chance to please her. Walking past the Pokémon she sat down in the chair next to him, her legs spread and ready for him. Kadabra struggled to his feet and grasped his spoon in his clenched fist. His eyes narrowed in a baleful yet lusty glare they glowed with psychic energy. Lifting the spoon up to his mouth he fluttered his tongue across the back and inside of the groove, coating it with his saliva. Slowly putting it inside his mouth he sucked on it gently, looking straight at his trainer. Her cheeks were a soft shade of red, her chest rising with her breaths. Kadabra gave a moan while he pulled the wet spoon out of his mouth.
Touching the cold metal to her vaginal lips a shiver shook through Sabrina's body. Kadabra smirked and moved the utensil in a smooth circular motion; he now had control over her, and it was time for sweet revenge. Adjusting the spoon so it was pointing towards her he poked the very tip of the spoon's rim past her folds. The damp coldness filled her warmth giving her an exhilarating feeling of pleasure. Sabrina licked her lips and took several quick breaths, her clit flowing with juice. Kadabra's cock pulsated at the sight of her liquids, his breathing low and short. Sabrina wiped the sweat from her forehead; the white light of the light bulb in the metal lamp hanging from the ceiling beat down onto her body, the bulb giving off a soft hum.
Kadabra teased her continuously with the spoon and she knew this was his way of revenge for torturing him. He moved the spoon like a lever rubbing that same spot continuously. Removing the spoon from her only for a few seconds he placed it back inside his mouth to make it more lubricated before putting it back in its spot. Sabrina leaned her head back over the back of the chair her long dark hair cascading down behind her; she made a gentle humping motion with her hips, sending more of the spoon inside her. A soft growl radiated from his throat, his ears twitching with excitement, her desire aroused him heavily.
"So now you're getting impatient?" Kadabra said.
Sabrina said nothing in response, her moaning doing the speaking for her. As much as he wanted to continue teasing her his organ was quickly growing impatient. Slowly sliding the metal inside her at first, halfway in Kadabra shoved the head of the spoon inside the woman. Sabrina cried out at the bitter cold of the spoon, the edges scrapping against the most sensitive nerves of her inner walls. Kadabra worked the hard metal in her at an erratic pace giving her so much pleasure at one time that she felt her climax attacking her brutally.
"K-Kadabra…!" she whimpered. A line of saliva ran down the corner of Kadabra's mouth, his narrowed eyes widened and reflected a look of almost total insanity. With their connected minds he could sense his trainer's closeness to her release. Using his own powers like she did with hers, he channeled his powers to Sabrina's tightening vagina, squeezing it and making it much tighter around the spoon. Sabrina cried out in surprise at the very unexpected event and her deluge of sex juice ejected from the tight plug made by the metal utensil, coming out with a loud squirting sound and spilling onto the floor.
Kadabra twisted the spoon with the groove facing upwards and pulled it out of her. A small but decent amount of her orgasm situated itself in the spoon. Putting it against his lips he sucked the sweet liquid up like a spoonful of soup. Forcing herself to stand up she pulled the chair up to the metal table and using it as a step she got on top of the table, laying down on her back. Kadabra followed her up onto the table, standing in front of his receptive trainer. His large red cock standing out against his yellow skin, it looked like it was ailing him painfully.
"Come here and let me help you with that." Sabrina said making a notion at his hard-on. Kadabra crawled over her body until he was over her chest, his length pointing towards her face. Without a minute to spare she took the Pokémon's girth in her mouth, sucking on the engorged skin. Kadabra gasped and released the spoon from his hand, clanging against the table with a loud disruptive noise before dropping to the tile floor. The Psychic type closed his eyes and moaned softly.
Sabrina ran her tongue across the sides stroking a swollen vain that pulsated across the surface. She could feel the heat coming of the Pokémon cock growing even stronger each time she sucked him. Kadabra bucked his hips against her mouth, his dick going deeper into her mouth. Sabrina moved her hand up to the base of his cock and stroked it with the lightest touch, getting another moan from her Pokémon. Using the tip of her finger she poked it into the fold of skin where his cock hid itself. An intense wave passed through Kadabra's body from the tips of his ears to the end of his tail and without warning his seed gushed into her warm mouth with a powerful force that sent shivers up his spine. Sabrina released her Pokémon and swallowed his semen.
"If your parents found out about us they would kill me." Kadabra said.
"Don't worry they will never find out." Sabrina assured while rubbing his long mustache. "And even if they did I would never allow them to take you away."
Kadabra crawled off her chest and positioned himself in between her legs. Sabrina adjusted herself to get in a more comfortable position. The sweat on her body was making her back stick to the metal table but it didn't bother her. Grabbing her legs with his emaciated hands he placed his cock up to her hole and slowly slid the tip inside her. Sabrina let out a relaxed moan, looking up at her companion, watching his every movement. Her cavern dripped with want, waiting for Kadabra to push more inside.
Only moments later the psychic types grasp on her legs tightened and he plunged his hardness deep into her wetness. Sabrina moaned out loud as Kadabra rocked his hips against hers, digging into the hot cavern.
"So good…Kadabra…" she moaned, the ecstasy filling her with each of Kadabra's thrusts. His cock passed between her enlarged folds rubbing against the most sensitive nerves in her body. Everything was slow and passionate first, sweat collecting between their bodies. His thrusts streaked her juices onto his member creating a gentle splashing noise accompanied by the soft sound of their skin hitting against each other. The bottoms of the table legs scratched against the tile floor as it shook with their heated movements.
"Am I pleasing you Mistress?" Kadabra said with his telepathy.
"Yes…I want more…more…" Sabrina said in a gentle yet wanting voice. Kadabra edged closer and began to move faster through Sabrina's wet lips. Sabrina gripped onto the edges of the table, her body screaming with pleasure. His breathing coming out in heavy rasps Kadabra drove his cock into his trainer, sloshing against her cum-filled pussy. Sabrina's sweat-covered body gleamed in the harsh light of the room, giving her an appealing look which only made Kadabra go further. Stabbing his white claws into her skin he slammed down onto his trainer, making her cry out in suppressed ecstasy.
They were at risk of waking somebody up, but there was a greater risk of somebody seeing them because they were on the table in front of the door to the hall. But Kadabra was making it harder and harder to stay quiet. Her body crying out for breath the intense passion was draining her of all energy. Kadabra pounded the young woman as hard as he could, the muscles of both parties tensing up. Sabrina's vaginal walls tightened and constricted around Kadabra's dick her love juices pooling onto the metal table. The slipperiness of the table made her juices leak to the edges, slowly dripping over the ends onto the floor, which sounded like the dripping of a leaky faucet. With as much as her psychic abilities could she tried to suppress her orgasm for as long as it would allow.
Kadabra assaulted her wet cunt with his bulging cock making the suppression even harder. Clenching his eyes shut with his climax coming down upon him, everything was going berserk, telling him to fuck Sabrina as fast and hard as he could. An intense wave of pleasure surged through Sabrina's body and she instantly lost all control of the orgasm suppression. Her walls clamped around Kadabra's dick tighter, her liquids flowing down her like a river out of a burst dam. The juice hit her entrance and burst out of her like a Hydro Pump from Kyogre, spilling onto and drenching Kadabra's cock and the table. Kadabra's climax came at that moment and his load filled her up, flowing almost freely. Despite the tight fit between them Kadabra continued to fuck his trainer until he was spent, her walls milking his cock of his precious warm seed.
With a slow movement he pulled his limping member out of her, allowing more contained liquids to spill onto the table.
"Was that to your satisfaction Mistress?" Kadabra said, a smile spreading across his face.
"It was amazing…" Sabrina said, struggling to sit up.
"I think we made a mess." Kadabra looked at the pool of sex juice on the table. "We're going to have to clean that up."
"That can wait for a while." Sabrina said. "We still have a lot of time before everybody else wakes up."
Sabrina picked Kadabra up from under his arms and laid back down on the table with his head against her neck, stroking his tall ears. Kadabra closed his eyes and nuzzled his trainer's neck. Within seconds she was asleep, spent from the aftermath of her orgasm. Kadabra looked up at the young woman, his sleep not coming so easily to him."
"It's times like this that make me wish I was still an Abra." He said in his mind before falling asleep minutes later.
* * *
This went through several incarnations before I was satisfied with the final product. I think this was the first lemon between Sabrina and her Kadabra so I hoped you enjoyed.
Again sorry for the wait. I hope I didn't leave you guys for too long. ^_^

Dawn X Luxray
This is just one I wanted to get out of my mind and out of the way and won't interfere with the other requests I am working on. This was something I wanted to lick before continuing the other requests, though it ended up taking longer than I thought.
This is a request from Darksoul121314. The pairing here is DawnXLuxray.
I am currently working on the requests for pokeflare, justin2019, bushes, and plan to work on a second request from DeCaf M4, and one from Cythrant and my good friends MarioDS01 and dragon's dark side. So one of those will come next.
* * *
In the evening before dinner Dawn liked to take a walk in the small meadow in her backyard. Just her by herself without her Pokémon, without any supervision from her parents; her father worked until five and Johanna her mother would be cooking dinner at this time. This day Dawn was staying at her house for the night while Ash and Brock were out doing other things that were important to them. Then the next day they would come pick her up before continuing on their journey.
Coming down the stairs from the second floor dressed in her usual garb Dawn walked past the living room into the kitchen where her mother was indeed cooking dinner. Glameow lay in the center of the floor cleaning her face with her paw. Johanna turned from the stove and looked at her daughter.
"Dawn do you still plan to go outside tonight?" she asked with both a worried tone and expression on her face.
Dawn nodded. "Of course. It's a perfect night to take a relaxing walk through the meadow; the weather is nice and humid, and the sunset is going to make the sky spectacular!"
Johanna sighed. "Dawn you know what month it is. It's the Pokémon's mating season."
"Is it that time of the month already?"
Johanna put the wooden spoon she was holding down roughly on the counter making Dawn jump in surprise. "Dawn I don't want you going out there tonight."
"Mom what are you worried about?" Dawn asked.
Johanna turned to her. "The male Pokémon are more aggressive this time of year; their search for a mate makes them act in unusual ways, and I don't want one of them mistaking you for a Pokémon."
Dawn gave her mom a look. "Mom you're worrying too much. I'll be fine; and besides the meadow is just out back. I'll be close to the house."
"I don't know…" her mom hesitated.
"Mom, I'm a big girl. I can take care of myself. If I haven't already gotten myself killed on my travels with Ash, I'll be just fine in the meadow."
Johanna bit her lip, not sure whether to say yes or no. Finally she looked Dawn in the eyes and nodded. "Okay. I'll let you out, but the minute you see a male Pokémon you come straight back here."
Dawn smiled. "Okay, thanks mom. I'll be back soon." She opened the back door in the kitchen and stepped out into the warm summer climate. Closing the door behind her she took in a deep breath of the crisp air, she looked out at the sun setting over the houses and buildings that lined the horizon. The sky was a wonderful mixture of pink and yellow slowly being overtaken by the soft blue night sky that filled the sky around the sun.
Dawn walked further away from the house through the backyard, going towards the narrow pathway that directly at the end of the yard, leading to the small meadow that Dawn loved to rest in since she was a little girl. It gave her a sense of safety and security. Why was her mother so worried? All the times she went out there by herself, not one wild Pokémon ever found their way into the meadow. Then again she never went out during the Pokémon mating season. But what was the worst that could happen?
Emerging from the small narrow path, Dawn sighed and smiled. The meadow was unlike any ordinary meadow; the grass was cut short, something her father took care of every week, as well as spraying the ground with a special type of insecticide that wasn't harmful to Pokémon if one ever got in, but it did a wonderful job of keeping insects like mosquitoes and Chigoe fleas away. Dawn was thankful her father could take the time out of his busy schedule to do that for her.
The outer rim of the meadow was lined with trees and bushes and did leave plenty of room for wild Pokémon to get in, but all the human activity seemed to repel them. Dawn sat down in front of a tree, laying her back against the bark. Already the sky was beginning to darken so she wouldn't be able to stay out for a very long time. But just a few minutes, if only for one, was enough to relax her. The gentle sounds of the bird Pokémon singing their melodies of departure before falling asleep for the night, until they would continue again in the morning. It always made her feel warm and safe on the inside.
Wiping the sweat from her forehead Dawn looked up at the sky. The humidity was higher than she thought it would have been. Sitting on her butt with her knees up she reached down under her skirt and pulled her white panties from her waist, sliding them up then down her legs. Letting out a sigh as a lot of the heat was relieved from her, the air hit her most sensitive area, making her a little wet. Dawn pressed her legs together to prevent any further wind from getting to her. Dawn leaned her head against the tree and crossed her legs on the ground. She could smell the scent of the dinner Johanna was cooking and it smelled delicious.
From somewhere nearby a soft rustling sound filled her ears. Dawn opened her eyes and scanned the area in front of her. Everything looked okay so she let it go and closed her eyes. Then she heard it again. Becoming more alert she focused her eyes on where it could have been coming from. The rustling came from a bush somewhere at the other end of the meadow. The rustling got louder and louder each second, until Dawn could make out a faint silhouette of several dark colors that stood out from the green foliage. Reaching down to her waist Dawn forgot she left her belt back at the house. Her mind was telling her that she should get up and run, but her body was keeping her in place.
The first thing she saw emerge from the bushes was a set of piercing red eyes attached to a blue and black face. The rest of its dark body followed behind until the star-shaped tip of its tail was exposed. The Pokémon was a Luxray. By the looks of him he was in good health, the light of the setting sun glimmering off his black and blue coat, his powerful muscles bulging from beneath his fur. The Luxray stared at Dawn, and she just stared right back.
"H…Hello…" she said meekly, holding up her hand in a greeting. She hoped this Pokémon was friendly.
"Lux." The Luxray said as if it was a response, cocking its head to the side.
Dawn was unsure of what to do next. She could just stand up and walk away while she still had the chance, but she also didn't want the Pokémon coming after her. Then she would have a whole new set of problems.
The Luxray took small steps towards her, his paws beating softly against the short grass. Dawn edged up against the tree.
"I'm sorry, but I don't have anything to eat." She said, knowing that he wasn't here for food but most of her hoping and praying that he really was.
Luxray sniffed the air a few times before shifting on his feet and sitting down in the grass. An unusual color amongst his dark fur caught Dawn's attention. Sticking out from between his hind legs, clearly noticeable, was his canine-like penis, fully erect and as red as the blood engorging it.
"Ray…Uxray…" the Pokémon breathed, his eyes fixed on Dawn.
Dawn held her breath, knowing exactly what the male was here for. He must have picked up the smell of her brief leakage and was drawn to her. There was no way the Pokémon was going to let her go. She had no Pokémon to defend her and she was completely at his mercy. But maybe if she could calm him down enough and he would leave her alone.
Holding out her hand with the palm facing up, Dawn swallowed her dry throat. "Don't be…afraid," she said, being the one who was truly afraid. "I won't h-hurt you…"
Luxray stood up and got closer to her, smelling the tips of her fingers. When everything seemed alright she moved her hand over and rubbed the top of his head. The Luxray smiled and narrowed his eyes slightly, a soft purr-like sound emitting from his throat. So far he seemed like he wasn't going to do anything…
Feeling a bit safer she got to her feet and stood in front of the Luxray, still rubbing the top of his head. She failed to notice however that Luxray was staring at her skirt, his nose picking up the smell that wafted from under there. His mouth began to salivate, the smell pleading to him. His instincts driving him towards it, he moved his nose under the bottom of her skirt. Taking a quick sniff he began to lick that spot.
Dawn gasped out loud and stumbled backwards against the tree. "What are you doing!" she cried, pressing her back against the tree.
Luxray got closer to her and slipped his nose back under her skirt. He went back to licking her slit opening it a few inches a releasing her juices. Every synapses of Dawn's body was telling her to get the hell away from the Luxray, but she stayed right where she was. What the Luxray was doing to her sent mysterious pleasure through her. A soft blush went across the girl's face. She leaned her head back against the tree, the Pokémon's soft tongue running across her small pink clit which slowly began to swell. Dawn didn't know what to think of this or how to react. She was getting oral from a Pokémon; yet the pleasure that came from it was keeping her in place. Luxray's lapping growing stronger, more of Dawn's ejaculate came out of her. Dawn closed her eyes and moaned softly, reaching down and pulling up her skirt, then spreading her legs out. Luxray saw this as an invitation so he stuck his face in further, burring his tongue inside her. Dawn lifted her head up against the tree and moaned only a bit louder, Luxray's tongue curled like he was trying to drink her juices like water.
Luxray's unsheathed cock began to throb, burning from the heat of his arousal and the heat of the humid climate. He needed something to fuck and this girl would have to do. Removing his mouth from her skirt he stood up on his hind legs putting his paws on the girl's shoulders. The force snapped Dawn out of her trance and she realized what she was doing.
"Hey down boy down!" She said, moving out from in front of him and letting him drop back down to his paws.
"Dawn! It's time for dinner!" Johanna's voice echoed from the house. That was Dawn's cue to leave.
"I'm sorry boy," she said, rubbing the top of his head one last time. "But I have to leave now. My mother wants me to come home."
Dawn turned away from the electric type. Luxray couldn't understand why she was leaving. After becoming so receptive to his advances? The girl was getting further away towards the meadow path. Luxray growled, his body sparking with electricity. He was so aroused to the point where there was no way he would settle for less.
Dawn was closer to the path and it looked like she would be home free. She released the breath she had been holding. The fear that filled her slowly began to ebb away, but suddenly it all came back when she felt something push against her back and suddenly she was on all fours on the ground. Turning her head to see what it was, she cried out in terror when she saw the Luxray standing behind her.
"What are you doing? I'm not your bitch!" she cried.
Luxray had a full view of her ass, and though it belonged to a human it never looked so inviting. Planting his face into her hindquarters he took more greedy licks of Dawn's vagina. Dawn gasped, her eyes widening at the amount of pleasure she was feeling. The Luxray's tongue was warm and soft, the texture had an almost wonderful and exhilarating feeling to it, and she wanted more of it. Dawn lowered her body down leaving her bottom in the air.
Seeing that the female was finally being fully receptive, he removed his mouth from her and jumped onto her back, wrapping his front legs around her waist and putting his paws on the inside of her thighs. Dawn was, needless to say, taken off guard. The force of his weight coming down onto her body caused her skirt to ride up and her legs to spread apart, opening her lips further. Feeling the human's wetness against his hard length his tail cut through the air as it wagged. Trying to understand what was happening, Dawn could feel something hot and moist stab her each time the Luxray thrust against her, trying to enter her cavern.
"L-Luxray…?" she said to the Pokémon, not knowing why she wasn't fighting him. Did she want this as much as he did? Or was she simply too afraid to move?
"Lux ray luxra!" the Pokémon grunted, missing his target with each thrust, rubbing against her ass, leaving lines of his cloudy seed on her skin. Stopping for a second to calm himself down from the high amounts pheromones his body produced. He shifted himself around on his hind legs, guiding his member to Dawn's folds. Feeling the tip covered in the warmth, he bore his teeth and growled before shoving the mass of red, burning flesh into her. Dawn cried out in pain and surprise as his thrust tore through her barrier. The Luxray growled loudly with his tongue hanging out of his mouth, the strong muscles in his forelegs flexed as he held onto her hips tighter, pulling her closer and keeping her in place.
His instincts taking over his actions he rammed into the girl, pounding his powerful hips against her ass. She was tight, and his dick fit inside almost beautifully, like a hand in a glove. His knot began to engorge with more blood, increasing its size drastically.
Dawn whimpered silently, her arms stretched out in front of her. This was hurting worse than she thought it would. Her biggest concern however was if her mom would come out looking for her, and if she saw her daughter being rutted on by a Luxray…
A hard upsurge of pleasure took Dawn out of her thoughts and back to the meadow. The pain was now gone and intense pleasure took its place rather quickly. Her cum leaking down the back of her legs, his cock ramming through her hot folds back into the wet depths.
Dawn stuck her tongue out of her mouth, moaning as wave after wave of pleasure went through her. The humidity and the heat of sex was making her body wet, soaking her clothes. His hips moving faster the Luxray smashed onto her, having all control over the girl's body. Her fluids squirted out onto Luxray's dick the remainder trickled down the back of her legs, gleaming on her skin in the lingering sunlight. The Luxray was making her his mate, but part of her didn't care; she didn't want the pleasure to end.
"Oooooooooh….Luxray, you're so big!" Dawn moaned as she felt the tip of his shaft touch the outside of her womb. Luxray pumped harder into his human mate, his dick wrapped in the heat of her juicy hole.
Dawn grabbed handfuls of grass in her hands, her body trembling with Luxray's aggressive pounding. His red cock throbbed inside her, his hips moving faster and harder. The swelling knot at the base of his dick pressed against her sopping wet sex, pushing only inches in to her. Dawn felt surprised by the size of the bulge, but it gave her more pleasure.
"Yes…yes Luxray!" she moaned loudly. A line of drool dripped from Luxray's tongue, pounding the human as hard as he could. Dawn felt hot and sweaty in her clothes, and now she knew the reason why you should never have sex fully clothed. Her walls tightened around the thick Pokémon cock, her sex fluids spurting onto his fur. Thick drops of pre-cum leaked from the tip of the electric type's member, dripping into Dawn's womb. The air around the two hazed and became thick with an incredibly strong smell. Dawn closed her eyes, enjoying every moment of the heated romp between her and the wild Pokémon.
"Luxray! Soooo wonderful!" she gasped, drops of sweat running from her dark blue hair down her face. The Pokémon grunted and panted, his thrusts moving at an incredible speed. The nine inches of his red dick throbbed with the oncoming orgasm that attacked both of them, Dawn being the closest of the two. Her ejaculation coated the back of her legs, mixing with the sweat that joined with it. Luxray's own body was covered with his bodily fluids, dripping from the pitch dark ends of his fur into the grass.
With a single hard thrust he buried his knot deep inside her, connecting sexes together. Dawn's eyes widened and she gasped, which sounded more like a moan. Her pink pussy stretched to contain Luxray's large knot, the mere act spraying her sex liquids all over his dick. The ejaculation oozed from the tight space and dripped into a pool beneath them. The act of Dawn's cumming caused his climax to hit him fast and hit him hard. Luxray growled loudly as his seed blasted into Dawn's womb. Dawn pulled up the grass she was holding as she felt it, not flow into her, but shoot into her. The thick liquid filled her womb quickly, her body tingling as if an electrical discharge was passing through her nerves.
She whimpered as cum gushed into her, the tingling sensation getting stronger until her entire body shook. With the knot locked inside her the semen had nowhere to go, filling her womb to the brim; she could feel her stomach bulging slightly from the copious amount of seed inside her. Her eyes practically rolled to the back of her head, her vision turning blurry from the electricity that flowed through Luxray's cum. Luxray bore all of his sharp teeth and emanated a loud pleasured growl, his ejaculation transferring continuous bursts of pleasure through his cock.
Finally after what felt like forever the electric type's orgasm ended, the flow of seed coming to a halt. Dawn felt like she was going to pass out, from the knot inside her as well as the amount of fluid that filled her. Luxray remained tied to her, staring down onto his human mate. Dawn could feel his hot breath on the back of her head, their breathing long and labored, accompanied by his low growling. Luxray pulled on the knot slightly and Dawn gasped in pain. Unlike canines Luxray don't hop off the female with their rear ends touching, so she was safe from any major pain.
Within minutes Luxray's knot finally deflated and he pulled out of Dawn, who collapsed onto her stomach. The Pokémon's seed leaked out of her, forming a puddle on the ground. Feeling exhausted from his own climax Luxray lay down on the grass and drifted off to sleep. As much as she wanted too as well Dawn stood up with what remained of her strength. Picking up her panties that lay discarded beside the tree she slipped them back on, preventing some of the semen inside from leaking out but also drenching the fabric. Her stomach was somewhat distended, but it wasn't very noticeable; at least Dawn hoped it wasn't. The backs of her legs were coated with her juices, and her body was covered with several smells; the musk of Luxray's fur, her and his arousal, and it even smelled like the climate. There was no way she was going to be able to hide this from her parents. Dawn was horribly late for dinner and her mom would be worried sick, and by now her father would be home.
Brushing the dirt from her clothes she looked at the Luxray that slept behind her. Kneeling in front of it she rubbed the top of its head. Knowing she would see him again tomorrow, she left the male Pokémon alone in the meadow, surrounded by the luscious green trees and the dark night sky.
* * *
This took a lot longer than I thought it would but I'm quite satisfied with it and I hope you were too. :)

Flareon X Dmitri X Glaceon
This is a request from justin2019. This is a threesome between a male trainer and his female Flareon and his female Glaceon. This is the first time I've done a threesome and I hope it is to your liking.
It's about time I get this up huh justin2019? XD I owe you this request for being a supporter, but I do owe MarioDS01 his request for being a long-time supporter of my works.
* * *
Dmitri slammed the front door of his house tiredly, his body aching every which way you could imagine. What a hard day today; Professor Rowan worked him hard at the lab today, studying the reproductive habits of Dittos. An important thing to note is it can get very boring if there is no other Pokémon around, otherwise Ditto has nothing to copy, and there's no breeding or anything like that. Now why would he be tired after a day like that? Well you try sitting on a log all day holding a pen and clipboard, staring at the gelatinous Ditto for hours on end, waiting for something to happen and feeling the constant fear that you might miss something so important that it could affect the entire field of the studies of Pokémon behavior, and you would be written about for years to come and always be remembered as the one who singlehandedly prevented the advancement of Pokémon research. That's a lot of pressure for a kid only 15 years old.
Dmitri dragged his feet into the kitchen where his mom was standing in front of the stove, cooking the evening dinner.
"Welcome home honey." His mom said cheerfully looking back at him from the stove. "How was your day?"
"Very boring." The teenager said, removing the green tinted goggles that Rowan made him wear from around his head and tossing them on the kitchen table. "I hope Professor Rowan doesn't give me another boring job again tomorrow." Dmitri wiped the sweat from his forehead.
"Well just remember no matter how boring or unexciting the job is," his mother reminded him. "That you are contributing your part in advancing the fields of Pokémon studies."
Dmitri silently rolled his eyes but agreed with her statement. "I guess you're right. But Ditto have been around for so long and not one single scientist has been able to explain why or how they can transform. And lucky me Rowan wants me to do more research on it."
"What does he want you to do?"
Dmitri looked at his bag. "The Professor gave me a disk that contains a fossil record of every Pokémon in existence. He said that every Pokémon slowly evolved from another over a period of thousands of years. I have to trace down the tree and find Ditto's ancestor, maybe they slowly developed the ability of transformation over time…" the boy sighed. "Why did Rowan have to ask me to get involved in his studies?"
"Don't get like that Dmitri." His mom scolded. "Rowan chose you because you are a good boy who cares for Pokémon. He knows because he saw firsthand what you did to save those two poor Eevees."
Dmitri gave a small smile, thinking of the two small Eevee sisters that he saved from a Luxray that had them between him and a wall, trapping them with nowhere to run. That was almost five years ago. He almost killed himself trying to save them, fighting the Luxray himself when his Torterra lost. He spent weeks recovering from the bite wounds that her suffered to his shoulder.
He gave the Eevees to Rowan, knowing they would be safe in his care, but only five days after leaving them there he got a call from Rowan saying that the Eevees wouldn't do good in his custody. He said the girls wouldn't eat and were constantly waking him up at night with their nightly whining. Heading over to the lab to see what the problem was, the minute he stepped through the door he was tackled to the ground by the two Pokémon who ravished his face with licks and kisses. He immediately took them home with him, and since then they were his faithful companions and they later evolved into a Flareon and a Glaceon.
"I suppose that could be a reason, and not to sound ungrateful but I thought the Professor would have given me better and more interesting jobs after all this time…" Dmitri said, walking towards the stairs.
"Well just be patient. Your wishes might come true some day."
"Yeah…I hope so…" Dmitri lugged up the stairs like he barley had any strength left to continue.
Turning a corner at the top of the stairs he was lead down a narrow corridor where at the end of the hall his room was. Turning the silver knob on the light brown door he pushed the door open where his meticulously clean-kept room greeted him. Dmitri was never one to let his room get too cramped or messy, everything almost simplified from the small one person bed against the right wall to the desk with a computer across from it. Dmitri closed the door and tossed his back over to the desk where it hit the side before sliding to the floor.
Kicking his shoes and wiping the dust off his plain blue shirt, he went over to his computer desk and sat down at the chair, pressing the on button on the CPU. Dmitri grabbed his backpack and dug around in it pulling out a CD case with a plain CD inside, as well as a Premier Ball and a Luxury Ball. Throwing the orbs to the floor his Flareon and Glaceon appeared in front of him. The sisters looked up at him and sat down obediently, wagging their tails in the air. Dmitri smiled and turned in his chair so he could rub the tops of their heads. The Pokémon closed their eyes and sighed almost dreamily, smiles spreading across their cute faces.
"It's so good to see you two after such a long day of working for the Old-timer." Dmitri said. "Old-timer" was the nickname he made up for Professor Rowan. "Just seeing you girls at the end of the day lets me know that I have people who are always happy to see me…"
The computer beeped and Dmitri took his hand away and sighed. "Unfortunately tonight I can't play with you two. The Professor wants me to do some "after-work work" for him." Dmitri turned away from the vixens and back to the computer screen.
The sisters went over to Dmitri's bed and hopped up onto the bed, lying down on the soft sheets. When the computer was fully operational he opened the disk drive and slipped the CD in. The CPU clicked and beeped several times before a menu popped up. The menu was square and multi colored with numerous Pokémon on it. There were several options including "Fossil Tree", "Fossil Records", "The History of Pokémon" "The History of Pokémon Research", and so on and so forth. Dmitri leaned his chin on his fist, staring glumly at the screen. He clicked on "Fossil Tree".
The menu changed over to a computer-animated tree, grey in color, against a lighter grey backdrop, that was clearly made by Rowan. The stump was thick and had almost no features to it like the outline was drawn then colored, with several question marks lining it, stemming up along the tree as the branches went up. Question marks were everywhere; there must have been at least 500 of them. At the top right corner of the menu there was a little search box with the words "Please type in a Pokémon" above it. Dmitri put his hands to the keyboard and typed in "Ditto". Instantly a tiny picture of Ditto appeared at one of the top most branches of the tree. Stemming down from it were 60 other question mark slots, ending at the bottom of the stump. If Rowan believed that all Pokémon shared a common ancestor and not even Professor Oak knew about any of them, how did he actually expect a 15 year old boy who barely knows anything about researching Pokémon to find the answer? Dmitri always wondered why Rowan didn't do some of these things himself. It's like he's his errand boy.
"Yipee…" Dmitri said very sarcastically. "This ought to be fun…"
The easiest part was ruling out the Relicanth as an ancestor since they never evolved from or into anything. How could it be possible for a creature to not change over time for thousands, maybe even millions of years? Pokémon truly were mysterious creatures. Clearly the Ditto must have evolved from a creature that originally had no way to adapt to its environment. Today the Ditto in their natural form have no way to adapt or really even survive, but they have their Transformation ability to shift into a different Pokémon to aid that. So clearly their ancestor developed the ability to change forms, but when exactly did this change occur? That was going to be one of the most difficult parts.
On Dmitri's bed Glaceon and Flareon laid next to each other, staring at the back of Dmitri's head.
"Dmitri sure is handsome isn't he?" Flareon said to her sister.
"Yeah I guess he is…for a human." Glaceon replied, laying her head down on her paws.
"You know we never thanked him for taking us in. Our parents died, so we had no place to go, then we got cornered and nearly killed by that Luxray. He didn't have to help us but he did, and he gave us a place we can call home."
"I think he knows we're thankful for all he's done for us."
Flareon looked back at Dmitri. Humans were smart, maybe even smarter than Pokémon, but she knew they could not exactly understand the speech or read the thoughts of Pokémon. Maybe Dmitri didn't know how thankful they were.
"We could always show him how thankful we are." Flareon said with a glimmer in her eyes.
Glaceon lifted her head up. "What are you implying?" Flareon smiled at her.
Glaceon's eyes widened. "You want us to mate with him?"
"What else is the best way to thank the only one who took care of us and raised us like his own children?" Flareon said. "I'm sure it wouldn't hurt."
Glaceon looked at the boy sitting in front of the computer. For the most part he seemed to remain motionless, most likely from boredom.
"I suppose it wouldn't…" Glaceon said.
Flareon stood to her feet and jumped off the bed. "Follow my lead." She said. Glaceon jumped off the bed with her.
Dmitri stared at the screen, nothing having changed for the past five minutes. Rowan told Dmitri in order to learn about any Pokémon ancestors he had to read these theses's written by past Pokémon professors and scientists. Dmitri saw copies of some of them lying on Rowan's desk. Some of them were 10 even 15 pages in length, lined with paragraph after paragraph after paragraph of words, absolutely no visual aids of any remains of the Pokémon Rowan wanted him to research. He was not looking forward to reading the digital versions. A soft fuzzy feeling went across his leg and he looked down to see Flareon rubbing against his leg.
"Hey girl!" he said cheerfully. "How are you doing?" He picked the fluffy Pokémon up and placed her in his lap; anything to get away from this mind-numbing job. He stroked her back running his fingers through the mane of long tan fur. She was so soft; Dmitri pulled her closer and buried his nose in the top of her head.
"Flareon…" she said softly, knowing how much Dmitri loved to hear the sound of her cute voice. Lifting her head up she licked the bottom of his cheek with her soft tongue. Dmitri smiled and ran his hand further down her back. Flareon placed her paws directly above her master's crotch and worked her paws over the fabric, feeling the soft bulge grow slightly larger.
Dmitri's eyes got big and he looked down at Flareon as she knead his crotch, creating a hard-on that was getting bigger.
"Okay that's enough girl." He said, picking her up and putting her back on the floor. He turned back to his computer, continuing the boring work.
"Flareon…!" he heard his Pokémon whine. He looked to his left down at the floor. The fire vixen looked up at him with those adorable eyes, her fluffy tail wagging across the floor. Dmitri sighed. How could he say no to her?
"Okay you win." He complied, picking her up and putting her back in his lap. He heard another whine and this time Glaceon was sitting in her sister's spot.
"Boy, I sure am popular this evening." Dmitri chuckled, picking up the ice Pokémon and placing her next to Flareon. Rubbing their heads with both of his hands, the two sisters closed their eyes, letting out relaxed sighs. Dmitri was so thankful to have such great Pokémon as them. Glaceon moved her head down to Dmitri's jeans and sniffed the spot before pawing at it, arousing the bulge beneath.
"Come on not you too." Dmitri said moving her away from his crotch. The girls sure were acting strange this evening…
Glaceon looked at Flareon and she nodded. Flareon reached her head up and licked Dmitri on his lips. The teen was taken aback by the gesture but he made no move to stop her. Flareon took longer, deeper licks, trying to get her tongue inside his mouth. Meanwhile Glaceon went back to rubbing him with her paws arousing his length to a larger size. Dmitri was very confused at what was happening. He remained motionless to see what they were going to do.
Glaceon continued to rub his pants the bulge growing larger. His erection pressed against the tight denim of his jeans rather uncomfortably, making the pressure rather painful. He had to free himself from the cloth prison otherwise he would injure himself. Fumbling at the button of the pants he snapped it open then pulled the zipper down with ease. Glaceon smiled when Dmitri exposed himself, his erection poking through his boxers. Pawing through the folds of the grey article she finally exposed his human meat to the air.
Licking her lips to get them nice and wet, she covered his length with her mouth. When Dmitri opened his mouth as he moaned, Flareon took the opportunity to shove her tongue into her trainer's mouth. Taken completely by surprise Dmitri looked at the fire vixen as she assaulted his mouth with hers, her gentle eyes closed and her ears pulled backwards. Her tongue felt a little unusual in his mouth. It felt a little slimy, but soft, and was very warm to the touch. Reaching his hands up to her, he placed them at Flareon's sides, holding her in place. Running his hands down her sides he touched her soft stomach. Flareon pressed her body closer to him and Dmitri could feel the chair push back against the floor that time.
Looking down to see what the other sister was doing, she had the head of his member in her mouth and when she ran the tip of her tongue, that cold soft tongue, a sharp shiver assaulted his waist. Normally cold is enough to make an erection go down but it only made the teen feel harder. Dmitri was still confused at what was happening but he made no resistance. Glaceon slowly slid his cock halfway into her mouth. Enveloping him in her cold mouth, Dmitri's hands shook from the intensity of the cold saliva. Bobbing her head over his length she positioned her tongue on the underneath so her tongue ran across it with each movement of her head. Dmitri moaned at the touch but it was drowned because Flareon's mouth was still against his. Glaceon's breathing that fell over his skin could only be described as a cold winter wind blowing across it, while her saliva felt like cold icy water that filled Lake Acuity in the coldest winter evening.
Flareon sucked on his lips taking small gentle nibbles here and there, the sisters' double assault doing quite a number on his body. Moving her paws to his shoulders Flareon tried to get as much as she could from the boy, rubbing her tongue all around his mouth like there were Poketreats hidden somewhere inside and she would do anything to get to them. In this case it seemed the Poketreat was his tongue.
What had gotten into these two, Dmitri was beginning to think. His line of vision was obscured by Flareon's face; barely even once did she come up for air. She was too consumed with the teen's mouth, fixed on his soft lips, the skin turning red from the poking of her sharp teeth. Glaceon continued to bob her head over his shaft, making Dmitri close his eyes tightly and moan into Flareon's mouth. The cold was making his climax come closer and closer. Glaceon tried to look up at her trainer out of the corner of her eye but her view was obstructed by her sister. Drops of liquid dripped from her hindquarters soaking into the blue denim. The same could be said for Flareon, who was just as wet and couldn't wait to officially thanking her trainer.
Trying to bit his lower lip without hurting Flareon, the teen just let out a loud grunt as the pleasure reached its peak, sucking in air from the fire Pokémon's mouth. His manhood throbbed in several places before a cloudy stream of cum erupted into the ice vixen's mouth, the fluid turning to slosh when it made contact with her saliva. Glaceon drank it all up then tapped her sister on her back. For the first time Flareon disconnected from Dmitri's mouth letting him take in long breaths of air.
"You ready sister?" Glaceon said.
Flareon smiled and nodded. "Let's do this."
Glaceon hopped off Dmitri's lap followed by Flareon. Circling around to the right of Dmitri's chair the two vixens sat down on the hard wood floor, staring up at Dmitri.
Dmitri looked at them, wondering why they stopped, but he got the message. "Y-You want me to come down there with you?"
"Flareon flare reon!" the fire Pokémon squeaked, hoping up on all fours. Her fluffy tail wagged back and forth slapping the air. Dmitri stood out of his chair and joined his Pokémon, stooping down in front of them.
"What's gotten into you two?" Dmitri said to them. "It's not mating season yet…"
Immediately at the same time the two females tackled Dmitri to the floor. The trainer winced slightly as his back made contact with the hard oak floor. Flareon took one look at the human cock that stuck out from the fabric of his boxers and her eyes widened with desire. Glaceon clamped her teeth at the bottom of the leg of his pants pulling them down slightly. Flareon took the other side and helped her sister, pulling them down much faster until they were completely off him. Flareon pawed at his boxers, trying to tell him to take them off. Rubbing the back of his head, Dmitri looked at the fire type with one eye shut. She whined loudly, stroking the grey cloth with her soft pads. Dmitri looked at his boxers then back at her several times before he got the message.
"You want me to take them off girl?" he said with hesitation. Flareon wagged her tail faster, indicating "yes". Dmitri grabbed the elastic of his boxers and slipped them down his legs and discarded them to the side before getting back in his original position. Flareon could feel her hot liquids dripping from her, trickling to the floor with a soft dripping sound. Getting close to the male organ she took a small and gentle lick of the skin. Dmitri gasped at the warm sensation that slowly spread through the now cold appendage. Glaceon approached from the other end and started to lick the other side of Dmitri's manhood. He arched his back outwards and clenched his hands into fists, the dual feeling of hot and cold attacking the most sensitive area of his body almost making it hurt.
Flareon focused all her attention on the tip while Glaceon concentrated on the rest, taking alternate but simultaneous licks of their master's shaft. Dmitri lifted his head up and stared in awe at what his Pokémon were doing to him and he was still dumbfounded. The vixens circled around and over him dragging their tongues across the throbbing skin, coating it with their saliva. Dmitri clawed at the oak floor, his breaths coming out in loud rasps. His muscles were beginning to tense as the pleasure continued to build, the eeveeloution Pokémon using all their animalistic instincts on him. A small drop of pre-cum spurted from the tip, which Flareon happily scooped up with her tongue. Dmitri's hips spasmed the pressure getting more intense.
Seeing how much pleasured agony the boy was in the sisters stopped licking, and Flareon stepped back from the others, leaving Glaceon to do what she wanted. Climbing onto Dmitri's lap Glaceon positioned herself over his rod, facing in his direction. The teen watched his Pokémon hover over him before slowly lowering herself down onto his saliva-soaked cock. The tip of his head pressed against her tight virgin hole, enveloping it in a cold sensation that was more intense than her mouth. Glaceon clenched her eyes shut as she strained to get him inside. She could only get the head inside but she would not settle for less.
"Glaceon, are you…okay girl?" Dmitri said, becoming a little worried about her. After a few more seconds of straining and with a single downward thrust, almost impaling herself on his length. Glaceon squealed loudly at the shock that the penetration sent rattling through her system. Dmitri shivered as he watched the body of his Pokémon quiver in pain, her icy vice stretching to fit his cock. Glaceon shifted herself on his lap to get more comfortable before she steadily moved her body on top of him, firmly planted in her spot. The liquid ice covered his dick, the cold soothing over his burning hardness. He opened his mouth and let out a stifled moan, then something wet and warm tickled the corner of his mouth.
He opened his eyes and saw the source was Flareon, who came back for another make-out session. Covering his mouth with hers she moved her body over and straddled his chest, laying herself down on him. She slid her tongue slowly across his teeth, the warmth of their mouths exchanging between each other. Dmitri wrapped his arms around Flareon's back and held her close to him, feeling the heat of her soft orange body through his shirt. Like when the vixens double teamed him earlier, the double sensation of hot and cold sent Dmitri to join the mighty Arceus in the Hall of Origin; everything was perfect.
Glaceon kept the slow rhythm of her movements, the wood floor giving her some leverage to allow her to stay in that one spot. Dmitri was a little big for her but she could take it. The human cock warmed her cold insides giving her a pleasured feeling unlike anything she ever felt before. She closed her eyes and moaned loudly as she rode her trainer nice and slowly, the lubrication making everything smooth. Dmitri moaned against Flareon's mouth again and slid one hand behind her. Taking the tip of his finger he slowly rubbed her burning hot pussy, the heat rivaling that of an oven. Flareon released his mouth and moaned softly as he stuck his fingers inside her small hole, letting the heat encase it. Flareon's chest pushed out against Dmitri's, her breathing coming out in small whimpers. Dmitri rubbed the back of her neck, laying his head down on the floor, as well as letting the ice canine have all control over his lower body. When his finger was covered with enough of her hot juice he removed it and switched to his middle finger. Glaceon had full view of this and it was beginning to make her more aroused, making her climax feel closer.
Using his lubricated index finger he moved it up to the second hole just above, and slid the digit into her anus. Flareon's eyes widened and she cried out in surprise. Dmitri held her closer and glided his fingers through her two holes at a moderate speed, his fingers lubricated enough so they could slide in with ease. Flareon bit into Dmitri's shirt crying out into it. The long-awaited orgasm hit her fast than she thought it would, and her sex juice emptied out soaking the teen's shirt. The sight of her sister's orgasm sent Glaceon into a frenzy and she threw herself down onto Dmitri, taking the whole thing inside. Her release hit her and she came onto Dmitri's cock. The cold surge of liquid made Dmitri lose all control and he spilled his seed in his Pokémon, filling her with more warmth than she ever felt.
"Are you okay…sister?" Flareon asked the Glaceon behind her.
Glaceon lifted herself off Dmitri her pussy going back to its original capacity size. "I think I'll be okay. It's your turn now, though."
Flareon struggled from Dmitri's hold and switched places with Glaceon. Climbing onto his lap, Flareon was ready to prove that two sisters were never the same. Glaceon crawled over Dmitri's chest, climbing over his head, until she was positioned over his face, her ice folds being the only thing he could see. Unsure of what exactly to do Dmitri did nothing for the past few minutes. Glaceon frowned slightly and grinded herself down onto the teen's mouth. The same bitter cold filled his mouth this time making his lips almost turn blue. Dmitri stuck his tongue out and made contact with Glaceon's cunt. She moaned in response and thrust her hips downward, meeting his tongue a few more times. He could feel his tongue going cold like he was getting frostbite but stayed that way.
Flareon could see that Glaceon knew what she was doing so now it was time to act on her part. The fire vixen lifted herself up over Dmitri's member and lowered herself onto it, but had the same problems her sister had. Flareon smiled lustily and lifted her hips up, before slamming them roughly down onto her virgin pussy, pushing him halfway inside in the process. She screamed at the pain but she did not care how bad it hurt. Flareon lifted herself up and crashed down upon him sending intense heat through the teen.
He grunted as Flareon moved her body much faster than Glaceon did. She thrashed madly on top of him, slamming her hips down like she was trying to crush him. Unlike Glaceon, Flareon liked it rough; fast and rough. She clenched her teeth tightly and let the cock fill her with a mixture of pain and pleasure. Her hot steamy flesh sucked at his member filling the room with a loud squishy sound. Dmitri tried very hard to pleasure Glaceon but what Flareon was doing to him made that very hard. As hard as he could he swirled his tongue through her folds tasting the icy yet sweat tasting fluids. Her previous orgasm made her weak and she made no attempt to suppress the second orgasm and before she knew what happened she released into her trainer's open mouth. Dmitri swallowed her juice and suddenly he could see the ceiling again; Glaceon was spent, but Flareon was far from done. With his vision unobscured he could see just how rough Flareon was, and it looked like she was going to hurt herself.
"R-Reon! Flare…reon!" The vixen squealed ecstatically each time she came crashing down on him. Dmitri squinted as the pleasure and the heat filled him, his hair matted to his head. He grabbed Flareon's soft, furry hips, slowing her down a bit but still allowing her to go as fast as she wanted. His drenched cock plunged into her warm vagina, each thrust exposing it before being obscured inside Flareon.
"Boy somebody…likes it…rough…" Dmitri managed to say between his pants. Flareon tried to fight his hold and go faster but he wouldn't let her hurt herself. The vixen's tongue lolled out the side of her mouth, her warm juices running down his thighs and making loud splashing sounds as she bounced on him roughly.
Dmitri wasn't sure if Flareon was close to climax but he could no longer hold his. As his muscles locked up he held Flareon in place and shot his seed into her; luckily though Flareon had hers at the same time as he did. They exchanged fluids back and forth, mixing and creating new liquids. Dmitri held the cute Pokémon on top of him before he lifted her off his lap, setting her down on the floor. Glaceon stood up from the floor and sat down beside her sister, sitting in the same exact manner as before.
Dmitri got to his knees and looked at the vixens. "That was…wow. What seriously got into two?" The Pokémon smiled at him with a face that said "Your welcome." The forgotten computer beeped breaking the silence of the room.
"You have a message from Professor Rowan."
Dmitri looked back at the computer. He forgot all about Rowan's project in the heat of the event. Rowan was going to kill him! Standing up he scooted the chair out and sat down. Moving the mouse cursor over the little envelope a live video feed of Rowan appeared on the screen.
"Good evening Professor." Dmitri said as casually as he could. "Do you need something sir?"
Rowan cleared his throat. "I don't need anything in particular. I was just checking on you to see how you were doing on the research I wanted you to do."
Dmitri wiped the sweat from his forehead. "Well…actually, professor…"
"You did get some of it done, didn't you?" Rowan said with an eyebrow raised.
"Well…actually…no." Dmitri replied.
"No!" Rowan exclaimed. "That research is very important! What have you been doing this whole time?"
Dmitri looked back at Glaceon and Flareon, and looked back at the screen with a smile.
"The girls were very playful this evening."
* * *
*Huff* that one was long! Took me a while but I hope you liked it. This was a total of ten pages long! I hope to write more long ones like this, but not this long!
I thank everyone for their supportive reviews and wonderful suggestions, and hope you all have others you would like to share.
Until next time! Peace!
-YamiMarik1994

Sypha X Hector: OC X Arcanine
This is a request from Twilight lover72396 (It does involve an Arcanine!)
Arcanine are not as common lemon subjects as you may think they are. I would also like to thank Twilight lover with their help with this, though I hope you don't mind I mixed with a bit of both scenarios and a tiny bit of one I came up with ^^
* * *
The smoke rising from the volcano always made the air nice and warm, and it had the smell of soot and ash. The volcano was, unlike many volcanoes, active, threatening to erupt and destroy the forest beneath any moment of any day. The locals called it Mt. Elba but it went by many other names as well. Sypha always liked to sit at the base of the volcano and stare up at the night sky, watching the bright stars in all their shining glory. It always relaxed her after a hard day's work. Sypha was a Pokémon Ranger, and by Arceus she loved her job. She loved Pokémon, of all shapes and sizes. It always warmed her heart to rescue innocent Pokémon that were captured by evil organizations such as Team Dim Sun over in Almia, or the constantly annoying Go-Rock Squad.
Adjusting herself on the rock she leaned against, Sypha she adjusted the red head band at the base of her shoulder-length, matching red hair. She was dressed in the usual uniform assigned to female Pokémon Rangers. Folding her arms behind her head, she shifted her attention to the inky blackness of the forest in front of her. She knew he was back there, in the darkness. He always came from the forest because that's where he lived, in the deep forest. He loved to be near the volcano, just like her. He was a fire Pokémon so this was only natural.
Ever since she first released him, he always came back to see her when she came around Mt. Elba, his large paws striding across the gentle grass. Sypha continued to stare into the darkness until the Pokémon revealed himself, his orange and tan body lighting up in the dim moonlight.
The Pokémon was an Arcanine, strong and intimidating in appearance, yet with a beastly beauty. His mane of tan fur was spiked along the edges, his long flowing tail whipping across the air. Even through his fur she could see the scars on his body, mainly the long jagged one that went straight down his right eye, all signs of a true warrior.
"Good evening Sypha." The Pokémon said with his deep enchanting voice.
"Hello…Hector." Sypha partially whispered.
The large canine walked closer towards her, striding silently like a ghost across the ground. His size was bigger than that compared to the teenager, but only about twice her size. Standing face to face with her, Sypha sat up and touched the top of Hector's muzzle and slowly ran her hand up and down through his fur. The great canine always allowed her to touch him; he was not afraid of her, nor was she of him, to an extent.
Hector was a special Pokémon; he had the ability of verbal communication, which made him a target of Pokémon poachers and the like who would want to exploit his power, as well as his strength, for a profit. On her latest mission Sypha rescued him from his capturers, and helped release him back into the wild. But since then he always came back to see her, which the girl could not understand.
"Hector, you should get back to your pack. They'll need you if any dangers arise." She said, still rubbing his face.
"My pack can survive without their Alpha for a few minutes." The fire type said. "I just wanted to come see you."
Sypha removed her gloved hand from his fur. "Hector, why do you keep coming back to me?"
"Don't you know the reason my girl?" the canine said, staring into her grass green eyes. Sypha said nothing.
Hector got closer and planted his nose into her red hair, and gave it a gentle sniff. Sypha shivered at the cold rush of air.
"Your hair…" his silky smooth voice said. "It smells so…heavenly. Like nothing I ever smelled before."
"Hector…Please." She said, moving her head away from the dog.
Hector sat down and looked at her. "Why do you reject me Sypha? What did I do to gain your resentment?"
Sypha smiled at him. "You didn't do anything...It's just that…I can't return your feelings."
From their first meeting on, Hector wanted her to be his mate. Sypha was never sure if this was his way of thanking her for rescuing him, she knew it could never be possible; she was a human and he was a Pokémon.
"Sypha, the courage you mustered to save me from the evil humans and return me to my pack, deserves so much more than my respect. Your beauty is unlike anything I've ever laid my eyes upon, and, mixed with that courage makes you a strong person. That is why I've chosen you to be my mate."
He stood up and approached her closer and sniffed her pale cheek, before licking it with the tip of his tongue, making Sypha blush.
"Hector…I…I…" Sypha couldn't find the right thing to say.
"You humans are a fascinating species," Hector chuckled. "But you are the most fascinating and the most beautiful of your species I have ever seen."
Sypha stared into Hector's deep brown eyes, the majestic canine stared right back at her. Whether it was by her own doing of if her body was acting on its own, she reached her head up and kissed the Arcanine on the lips. A bit shocked by her action, Hector stared down at her, who was just as shocked. Sypha removed her lips from his muzzle and he smiled at her.
"Truly the most fascinating…" he said.
"Hector…I…will be…your…mate." She heard herself say. Whether she knew the reason or not she wanted to do this, to become the Arcanine's. Hector smiled and touched her chest with his paw, feeling the soft mounds beneath his pads.
"These things you call clothes are unusual. There is no need to wear them; all they do is conceal your true beauty." Sypha blushed at his words. Not wanting to make the canine upset, she removed her fingerless gloves before moving her hands up to her jacket. Hector put a warm paw back on her chest.
"No need my dear. Allow me to do that for you." He said. Moving the paw down to her side he flipped her over on her stomach, getting a squeal of surprise from the girl. Hector grabbed the back of the red material with his jaws and gave it a small tug, ripping it down the middle.
"What are you doing Hector?" Sypha cried. "I need those clothes!"
"Don't get upset Sypha." Hector said. "You're not going to need these anymore." Pulling the torn jacket from her body, he motioned his attention to her white tee-shirt, ripping it and taking it from her. Sypha was left only in her bra and her skirt, as well as her black leggings and boots made especially for Pokémon Rangers. Hector's eyes moved down to her legs and he gave a frustrated growl.
"Is something wrong?" Sypha turned her head and looked at the fire canine.
"Can you remove those for me?" He said. Sypha rolled over and sat up, removing each of her boots followed by both of her leggings, now leaving her only in her skirt and bra.
"Much better." The Arcanine growled, feeling himself becoming hard. Thrusting his muzzle down onto her chest, he vigorously licked at the bra's fabric. Sypha gasped in surprise as his slobber soaked her chest and his teeth poked at her bra, leaving small holes in the fabric.
"H-Hector!" Sypha exclaimed, his attack taking her by surprise. The canine curled his tongue under the slip of fabric that kept her bra together, massaging the space in between her soft mounds. Sypha moaned as another part of her body became wet from the stimulation of her breasts by Hector's licking. Her breasts were soft to the touch and, this being his first "contact" with a human, the experience was foreign to him, but he kept doing it because of the positive reaction he was getting from the human. Hector grasped her bra with his teeth a gave a quick pull tearing it at one of the straps and exposing her breasts to the warm sooty air. Attacking her chest with his tongue he ran the surface of his pink tongue across her hardening nipples.
"Hector, can I…do something for you?" Sypha asked the canine.
"Do something for me?" The Arcanine said. "What do you want to do?"
Sypha stood up from the rock and sat down on the ground beside Hector's hind legs. Lifting up his fore leg he looked under his body to see what she was doing. The Ranger reached her hand in between his legs and brushed against something large and hot, and Sypha blushed. Wrapping her fingers around the flesh, she stuck her head under his body, and her face reddened the minute she saw his member. It was deep red and was growing in size in her hand. Her hand was just barely touching the base where his knot laid, growing even larger than the length itself. Hector could feel her hand rub her hand across the skin making it grow even larger. Her juices began to build soaking her panties. Already she imagined Hector mounting and fucking her, and it just made her wetter. She gave the tip a small lick, seeing what he would taste like. He tasted a little musky, but she didn't mind; it was something she could get used to. Taking the Pokémon shaft in her mouth she sucked vigorously getting a loud moan from the canine.
Never had a female done this to him – and his mind began to swim with sheer ecstasy. He felt her squeeze the base of his cock while she used the other to rub his stomach. Hector let his tongue fall from his mouth and he panted like a dog as she caressed her fingers across the sensitive flesh, bobbing her head over his cock and taking it halfway in her mouth. His mind screamed as he felt her warm, wet tongue flick across the sides of his dick, the pleasure filling his body.
"Oh…that's so good." Hector moaned. "Keep doing that Sypha…" The girl worked across his doggy cock, squeezing it gently enough to give him pleasure but to not hurt him. Wrapping her hand around the swelling knot she squeezed it and tickled her fingertips across it, making the Arcanine emit a loud snarling growl of pleasure. He thrust his hips quickly trying to get as much pleasure as he could, humping the Ranger's face. Sypha rubbed his cock faster across the burning, juicy redness, tasting the salty drops of pre-cum that leaked into her mouth. Hector closed his eyes tightly before he let a loud howl rip through the air and his precious seed blew into the teen's mouth. It erupted like the volcano they were at the base of, going straight down her throat. Sypha had to remove the cock from her mouth to prevent herself from chocking on the semen, the remainder spilling onto the dirt of the ground bellow.
"That was amazing Sypha." Hector panted. "Now come back over here and get on the rock." Sypha licked her cum-stained lips and got back on the rock, laying flat on her back.
The Arcanine flipped her onto her stomach again. Placing his paw directly on her bottom, he pushed her up across the rock. The girl let out a moan as her nipples scrapped against the stone making her even wetter. Pushing her up until she was bent directly over the rock with her ass in the air, he touched the back of her skirt with his paw.
"Why must you wear something like this?" he said before ripping from her body. Now left only in her panties Hector sniffed her pussy through her drenched panties. The smell of her arousal brought back the hardness his dick lost during his first climax. Taking her panties in his teeth he poked a few holes in the article before replacing his mouth with his paw, poking his claws into the holes and pulling them down her slender legs that glowed in the light of the moon and the warmth of Mt. Elba.
Sypha was now completely naked before the canine, before the Alpha male. Her pink slit was out and open to his sight He sniffed her again and the smell was much stronger this time; she smelled nothing like a Ninetails. His animalistic drive hungered for the female and his curiosity and his lust drove him to wonder what she would taste like. Pressing his tongue through his sharp teeth he shoved it against Sypha's clit getting a loud moan from her. Running it up and down across the dual folds he took in her taste, and, just as his mind told him, she tasted nothing like a Ninetails; she tasted sweeter and not as spicy. Digging his tongue into her like a shovel through soft dirt he lapped at her clitoris hungrily drinking her love fluids like he was drinking water. Sypha clenched her eyes and scrapped her nails into the stone. She reached up and pulled the headband from her sweaty red hair.
"Ah Hector…" she moaned as his tongue released the tension of her juices building up within her. Hector's lust was making his primal instincts driven mad and his cock was beginning for the human. When her liquids practically spilled from her he hopped onto his hind legs in one fluid motion, his paws pressed beside her chest. He thrust his hips a few times and ended up rubbing it against her lower back, dragging whatever was leftover of her saliva across her skin. After missing his target several more times his tip finally found her warmth. Stabbing his shaft against her lips he slammed his massive cock inside her. Sypha's eyes widened and she cried out, her walls stretched by the fleshy heat. Hector pumped his dick into her, his powerful legs moving him at a quick speed.
"Hector!" Sypha screamed, the pain reaching a maximum point as the Arcanine slammed his powerful hips against her ass. He was much bigger than she prepared herself for but she remained in place. Hector leaned his head down and licked the back of her red hair, trying to calm her pain. His scarred and powerful body hung over her, his eyes staring down on her as he sped up his thrusts. Sypha could feel her agony slowly leaving her, the pain slowly deadening.
"You are so…tight…It feels wonderful." Hector grunted, his muscular hips smacking against her body with each of his pelvic thrusts. Her sex juice dripped from the bottom of his cock each time he withdrew from her soaked cunny, sliding down the rock and staining into the stone. He lunged harder, pumping his hips against her as he tried to drive more of his member deeper. Sypha's skin scratched against the rock every time he rammed inside her, leaving small nicks on her front, but the pleasure was enough to dull it almost completely.
"So beautiful…Such a beautiful human." his deep mysterious voice rang through her ears, only making her more aroused and driving her juices out further. Lifting his paws up he pressed them down on her back, pushing on her as his thrusts went faster and faster, plowing her into the rock beneath. Sypha panted his name over and over again, moaning in between each repeat of the one name. Fat drops of drool came down from the tips of Hector's long teeth and fell onto Sypha's skin, covering it with almost searing warmth. Their bodies slapped against each other, the soft sound drowning with their pants and grunts.
Sypha arched her back as the Arcanine fucked her hard into the rock. She cried out in ecstasy as her vagina tightened around the canine dick, growing tighter in the approaching climax.
"Hector! Oh Arceus Hector!" she hollered, her cries echoing through the forest. Lust driving him mad his fucking became so fast that he was going berserk with pleasure, slamming into her so hard that it was possible he could break her hips, shatter her bones to pieces with his power. Sypha thrust her ass back as hard as should herself could, meeting his thrusts each time which sort of pushed him away.
"Are you rejecting me…Sypha?" Hector panted.
"I'm not rejecting…" she breathed, reaching back and grabbing his forelegs. "I want more…!"
The volcano's heat that packed the air made his instincts driven to a point of extreme lust and as faster as he could go he brutally smashed his cock into her stretched pussy, sending ecstatic shivers through her nerves and making her cry out. Tears of ecstasy fell from the corner of her eyes; she had been with a male before, but wasn't this good. Spreading his toes apart he gently plunged his claws in her back, making small wounds in her flesh.
"Tonight I make you mine…" he said coolly. "Tonight I make you my mate." With a single extremely hard thrust with his powerful hind legs he forced his swelled knot all the way through her lips. Sypha screamed out loud at the force of the large object thrust inside her, almost twice as big as it had been before. The pleasure came quickly in mind-blowing waves that her climax hit her without warning. Sypha squeezed his forelegs tighter as her body spasmed and her cunt walls tightened around his cock, her liquids exploding from her sex like a time bomb, coating the Arcanine's entire member along with his knot. Hector closed his eyes and clenched his teeth, digging his claws into her back and drawing blood.
"You will become my mate. You will become my partner…" he said, suppressing his cumming so he could finish. "You will become…my Alpha female." Hector reared his head back and howled at the moon hanging above the dark volcanic sky; all pleasure that his body felt suddenly shot down to his cock and racked the entire thing, drilling into the organ until he felt everything he had gush into her like a rush of water. His cum burst inside the Ranger in a thick hard stream, lasting for at least five seconds. It slowly came to a stop before it started up again, more semen blowing into her cervix. Surge after surge of seed emptied from his dick. Sypha gasped at just how much semen he had stored in there. It was immense, and it was unbelievable. Eventually the surges ended and they were left panting in the heat of ecstasy and the volcano, the smells of soot, among other things, filling their noses.
Hector remained on top of her for several minutes with his knot locked deep inside her, before the blood deflated from it and he pulled himself gently from her vagina, shrinking back to its small size. Hector licked at the blood on her back lovingly, lapping up the red liquid until the bleeding stopped. Sypha's scratched and nicked chest heaved against the rock, her body and mind alike trying to recover, and shaking, from the intensity. Arcanine picked her up in his mouth and put her gently on his back.
"Hector…?" she said, feeling his soft fur against her body. "What are you doing? Can I sleep for a minute?"
Hector looked back at her and smiled. "You will have plenty of time to sleep at my den, my fellow Alpha. You will be very comfortable there. In the morning, you can meet your new pack."
He turned back towards the forest and walked slowly back towards his pack, his den, his home, slow enough so his Pokémon Ranger mate wouldn't fall off his back. Getting further from Mt. Elba, his orange body slowly slipped back, into the darkness of the heated night.
* * *
Noticed that I've barely written any PokémonXPokémon ones? I guess I'm a bit of a Pokephiliac XD
To anyone who wants to make a request, if you have any OCs please include names. I hate having to make up names because I am never good at it. Also if you want the lemon to be sweet and slow or nice and dirty then let me know. Sweet ones will lack words like "c**k", "f**k", and the works, while dirty ones will be riddled with them. Also if you have any fetishes that you want to see, just ask and I'll see what I can do.
Peace! ^-^
-Yami

Silver X Erebus : OC Latios X OC Latios
This is a request from Latias4ever2265. This is a yaoi fic, the second one I've done for this series.
This request is very special because this has two of Latias4ever's OC's, Silver and Erebus, both Latios and both brothers; pictures of them can be found on his DeviantArt page, and you can also read about them there. All information, appearances, and powers of the characters were all supplied by Latias4ever, so you might want to go look at the pictures and read a bit otherwise this won't make much sense.
This request is a little different from the others, because, for one, it contains rape (which does become consensual), which even though I said that's one thing I wouldn't do, I am willing to change my policy especially since this was a personal request. This is also different because it contains incest, so if you don't like this kind of thing, skip this one for now. I must also note that I have very little experience with rape scenes, because I have a tendency to contradict myself in them.
Anyway, enough with my rambling. On with the story!
* * *
Silver loved the feeling of the wind passing over his body, cooling his senses, calming his mind, soothing his soul; everything felt peaceful. So, so peaceful…
Silver was a Latios, but he had the body shape and appearance of a Latias; it was something that baffled people, but Silver liked his body the way it was. Besides, who really wanted to look like everyone else, barely able to distinguish one from the other, not able to tell who's who, not knowing if one Latias is your mother or not, based on appearance only?
Silver's older brother Erebus, was the same way. But unlike Silver he was a Latios, with the body shape and appearance of a Latios, but his body was dark in color; a Dark Latios, in every sense of that word. What mad Erebus special was he was once part of Silver's dark side. His actions were violent, making Silver do the bad things he wanted him to do. But when Erebus was separated from Silver's soul and received his own body, his darkness softened and he became a gentler person. But unlike Silver he had the body of a Latios, and was dark, with spikes on certain parts of his body.
Silver came to a halt, and listened to the wind; the wind blowing over the land. All he heard was the piercing silence. He knew he was by himself this whole time; he'd been flying for hours, but he had the strangest feeling that he was being followed. He turned his head around, and saw that all there was behind him was empty space; nothing, nada.
Silver sighed, then lowered his head and rubbed the tuft of hair that grew above his head crest. Nothing looked suspicious, but he still felt odd on the inside. Forgetting about it as much as he could he turned back to the air in front of him and kept going.
Behind him lines of disturbance went through the air, marking the shape of an invisible figure. Erebus licked his lips as he watched his brother dart through the air, moving with the gracefulness of a Latias. His body was beautiful; Erebus could see that even though he was his brother. He could see it alright. The more he thought about him, the more his lust, his desire, for the male grew. Over time he knew he had to make his younger brother, the one he was once a part of, he had to make him his.
Silver looked down at the ground below him, looking for a safe spot to land. For hours he'd been looking for someplace to rest and maybe even take a nice nap, but with no luck; this forest was nothing but forest. He knew it was about time to give up, until his eyes spotted a clearing small clearing bellow. Within the clearing was a stream and he now realized just how thirsty he was. Making a sharp turn downwards he dove into the forest. Erebus stopped in his tracks, then went down to the forest in the spot he was. Better to get the element of surprise on the smaller Latios.
Silver glided slowly down to the stream. Looking down at the crystal clear water, he licked his dry mouth and lowered his long neck down to the stream. Setting his lips against the surface of the water, he slowly sucked up the cold water, filling his parched mouth, traveling down his dry throat and quenching his thirst.
Peeking out from behind a tree, Erebus looked at his younger brother. Licking his lips, he stared at his small, Latias-shaped bottom. He never looked so delectable…so innocent…He would love to be the one to take that away from him. Erebus licked his lips, his yellow eyes shining with a mischievous yet malevolent shine. Floating out from behind the tree, he was still shielded from the sight of all. He floated through the air like a phantom, getting closer and closer to the unsuspecting Latios. With his invisibility shielding him, there was no way Silver could sense his presence even if he was right next to him; and even if he could, he was too distracted with the water he was drinking. Erebus watched his brother drink, watching that small pink tongue of his lap up the liquid. Just the very thought of the smaller male made his mind tingle with desire; tingle with lust…
The Dark Latios pulled down his invisibility shield. Seconds passed and Silver still did not notice him. Erebus smiled. "Hello Silver." He finally spoke up.
The sound of the voice was so sudden and so unexpected that Silver choked on the water, coughing as it went down the wrong pipe. Spilling the water back into the stream the smaller Latios looked to the source of the voice. It was only Erebus…
"Oh…h-hi Erebus." He said meekly. "You scared me."
Erebus chuckled casually. "You're very thirsty this afternoon." He said, trying not to sound or seem suspicious. But why would he be? Silver trusted him, and didn't suspect a single thing. More than likely he thought his older brother was here just to chat.
Silver nodded his head and turned his attention back to the stream. "I've been flying for hours and this was the first body of water I encountered. This region sure is dry, but the water is delicious! You should try some!"
Erebus got closer to Silver, his paw now hovering over the back of his head. His claws pointed out from the oval-shaped paw, threatening to plunge into the back of that smooth, white flesh…
"I don't crave any water right now." Erebus's paw was only a few inches from the back of Silver's head; he was practically drooling. "What I crave…
He grabbed the back of Silver's head. The Latios gasped in surprise.
"…Is…
Erebus pushed down and plunged Silver's face into the stream. The Eon Pokémon's nostrils and mouth were filled with water, everything turning blurry. He thrashed against his brother's grip while trying to understand what was happening. What was Erebus doing? Was he trying to drown him? Water went up his nose and it was becoming hard to breath. Within seconds though he felt himself pulled away from the invading liquids and back up to the world. He coughed like crazy blowing water out his nose, taking quick breaths. Silver found himself pressed against Erebus's body. The older Latios's head next to his, Silver stared into Erebus's yellow eyes.
"What was that?" Silver exclaimed. "What did you do that for?" The dark Latios smiled and smelled his neck, taking in his brother's scent. He even smelled like a Latias…
"…you." He said, finishing his sentence.
Silver was confused. "What?"
"What I crave, what I desire, is you." Erebus said, his eyes glinting with lust. Without warning Erebus turned Silver around in his paws and threw him against the ground. The Latios winced as his body hit the hard unrelenting surface, though his head was safe because it hit the water. Erebus floated over to his brother and lowered himself down, but still hovering only a few inches above him.
"Why did you push me?" he cried. "What are you doing?"
Touching his claws against Silver's neck, he reached his thin arm down and rubbed the very edge of his slit; that was all he could reach. Silver watched and his brother's member started to show itself, poking out from the hiding spot.
"No you can't be serious!" Silver yelled, trying to push him away. Erebus grabbed his neck and held him down, pushing his neck into the ground and ending his struggling. Erebus edged closer until he was sitting on his chest. The dark Eon grabbed the tuft of hair on his head and pulled his head forward, thrusting his face in front of his length. Silver cried out at the force of the pull.
"Open wide brother." Erebus said in a cold tone, rubbing his cock against Silver's mouth. Silver moved his head away from the object.
"What's gotten into you Erebus?" Silver whined, wriggling his body under the male. Erebus pressed himself down on Silver pinning him further to the ground. Erebus forced Silver's mouth open with his paw, leaving it wide open before shoving his member in his brother's mouth. Silver cried out and tried to spit out the organ from his mouth but Erebus had him heavily pinned. Silver looked up at his brother; Erebus looked down on him, a sick smile on his face.
"Suck it brother…" he cooed, gripping onto Silver's tuft of hair. "There's nothing you can do. You are mine…"
Tears started to flow down Silver's face, making small whimpers as he started to suck on his brother. Erebus closed his eyes and moaned softly. Silver looked up at the Dark Latios. Why? Why was he doing this to his own brother? Silver closed her eyes, feeling dirty from what he was doing. Erebus arched his neck forward, staring down at the Latios. Erebus licked his dark lips, letting out a low and drawn out moan. Silver pushed against his brother trying to get him off his chest but with his Latias-sized body he was unable to push the heavier male off.
Erebus tightened his grip on Silver's hair, thrusting his body against his mouth. The dark red, swollen appendage rubbed against Silver's warm tongue, and Erebus bit his own. His brother's mouth was so warm; warmer than the mouth of anyone else. Silver's eyes flowed with tears still, whimpering softly while taking in his brother's personal taste; dark and bitter, much like the Dark Latios himself.
Silver gave a small whimper when Erebus shoved his dick in deeper, almost deep throating him. Erebus mistook the whimper for a moan; with his member in his mouth that was expected. The sound of his brother "moaning" sent his lust further and the Latios pumped faster into his mouth.
"Suck harder…" Erebus growled, tightening his grip on his tuft and pulling hard. Afraid of his brother's anger he did as he was told and sucked harder. The force of suction made Erebus clenched his eyes shut tightly, moaning with his mouth hanging open. Silver's eyes widened as his brother's length seemed to get bigger, and harder; very hard. Silver's scream was muffled by Erebus shoving himself further in, holding himself while he panted and growled uncontrollably.
The Latias-shaped Latios closed his eyes, slowly waiting for his brother to climax and release his semen in his mouth. Much to his surprise he pulled out of his mouth letting him gasp for air. The large rod stuck in front of his face, Silver could see it twitch a few times before a thick cloudy liquid shot from the tip, coating his face and making him cry out in surprise. The fluid was warm against his skin and had a strong smell to it.
"Erebus!" Silver pleaded. "I'm your brother! Stop it, please!"
Erebus let the plea fly over his head, and stared at his younger brother. He looked so delicious with cum all over his face, shining in the sunlight. Lifting himself up off Silver he floated down his body, running his hands down his sides while keeping him in place. Silver rocked his body across the ground trying to break Erebus's hold on his body, his claws slashing through the air. Erebus grabbed his brother's tailfins and lifted his body up, applying pressure to his neck.
"Ow Ow!" Silver exclaimed at the painful pressure on his neck. "Put me down! Please that hurts!" Erebus smirked and slammed him back down on the ground. Silver whimpered as silently as he could. "Now you're just being mean…"
Still holding his tailfins he lifted him up slightly so he just barely see his small, untouched anus. Erebus licked the salivation from his lips. Taking his hand he slowly brushed the small orifice with the tips of his claws. Silver couldn't help but moan at the tingling sensation. Erebus lowered his brother back down and slowly positioned the tip of his hard member to his brother's hole. Silver felt it and became afraid, but he became more afraid when Erebus edged the tip closer and closer until it started to disappear within the tight virgin hole. Silver fidgeted uncomfortably as slowly inch after inch was put inside him. Silver gasped as more of the foreign object was slowly shoved inside, giving him an odd, pleasurable feeling. Erebus pulled his body backward, then slammed into his brother. Silver cried out in pain, instinctively pushing on Erebus's chest.
"Don't Erebus!" he begged. "Don't do this to me!" Erebus leaned his head forward and bit down on Silver's neck. The Latios gurgled in pain and pleasure, leaning his head back into the water. His lips glided across his neck, his teeth leaving red marks in the white skin. Erebus thrust into him, his larger, dark body overtaking his, he hung over him like a Fearow over a Rattata carcass, his shadow obscuring the light. He looked so dark and evil in the darkness of his shadow.
Erebus grabbed his brother's arms and forced them out to his sides, pinning him down even further. The Dark Latios grunted as he thrust at a moderate speed, stretching Silver's anus and making it start to turn raw. Silver even felt like a Latias, in every sense of the word. Erebus's face was close to Silver's; the two looked each other in the eyes but said nothing. Silver made small whimpering sounds, unable to move anymore, he was at Erebus's mercy. His world was spinning in front of him as everything was beginning to turn blurry. He closed his eyes and emitted a small moan.
Becoming turned on by the pleasured sound he thrust faster into the small hole, stretching it to the point of near-tearing. Silver clenched his paws, moaning through his gritted teeth. There was pain, but there was pleasure; a deep pleasure lurking somewhere inside and even though his brother was raping him, something felt good…
The tear production dried up, and Silver opened his eyes to look at the Dark Latios. He listened, and found they were both moaning, in the ecstasy. Erebus leaned in and licked the still wet semen from his brother's face, cleaning him of his seed until he was spotless. Erebus then moved his mouth, down to Silver's and planted a kiss there. Removing his lips, they remained a few inches from each other before Silver came up for a kiss. Erebus looked down at him, his eyelids lowered and his hair wet with sweat, his mouth open from moaning. Part of Erebus couldn't believe it, but he was enjoying it; Silver was actually enjoying this. Usually none of the Latias he did this to liked it…Just to make sure, he pulled back and slammed into his ass, receiving a loud moan from the smaller male. If he liked this then there was no reason to hold him down anymore.
Erebus released his brother's arms from his grip and moved his paws down to his body, holding on to him for support. Silver stuck his tongue out from his mouth leaving Erebus the opportunity to press his tongue against it. Their breathing turned into a heated mist in front of them, Erebus slowing his thrusts down. Silver reached his paws up and put them against his older brother's firm, smooth chest, increasing the friction between their sweaty bodies. Silver's member, hard and pulsing, rubbed against Erebus's stomach only increasing his pleasure. Erebus lowered his head and drew his brother into another kiss, their tongues exchanging this time. The Dark Latios bucked faster and harder, making Silver's body weak. The younger and smaller male leaned his head back into the water and cried out against Erebus's mouth, his anus tightening around him. The hold on his member made moving harder but made the experience even greater. Erebus pummeled his brother's body sending sharp spikes through him. A hot, loud moan came out of his mouth, flowing into Erebus's.
Thrusting faster, as fast as he could, Erebus could feel his release getting closer until it hit. Erebus thrust one last time and held it before his seed erupted from his cock in a plume, filling his brother's anus. Silver shivered at the heat, his mind fogging and his vision blurring.
Erebus pulled out his girth grabbed Silver's sides before rolling over on the ground so their places were switched with Silver on top. They stared at each other, not saying anything. Erebus lifted his hindquarters up, so Silver could reach him. The Latias-shaped male felt the heat at the tip of his hard cock, and he knew what Erebus wanted him to do. Silver swallowed the lump of weakness in his throat and slid the tip of his shaft into his older brother. His body arched slightly, his ass not having any experience with this either. Silver thrust into his brother, who held him against his larger body. He could feel the heat from Erebus's body; it was an almost cozy type of warmth, almost like that he felt from his mother.
Silver laid his head down flat on Erebus's stomach, looking at his brother. He looked back, their gaze never breaking from the other. They panted and moaned together, their sweat and other liquids mixing against their bodies. Silver wasn't as big as Erebus, but the older still felt a lot of pleasure and stimulation. Erebus humped against his thrusts letting Silver go deeper. Running his claws through his tuft of hair Erebus rubbed and scratched the top of his head. Silver closed his eyes and moaned softly, taking in short gasps of breath as he tried to go faster. His dick was already stimulated when Erebus mated him, so he didn't last long.
Silver clenched his eyes and felt his pleasure reaching max, which prevented him from going any faster. His thrusts slowed down until he stopped in his place, holding it in Erebus's dilated hole. He moaned as he spilled everything he had until he was all spent of seed and energy. Silver collapsed, unable to go any further; everything was a blur, and he was so tired. Erebus pulled his brother up onto his body, laying his head against his neck.
"Erebus…?" Silver said weakly. Erebus gently rubbed the back of his neck, coaxing sleep upon him which came and took him quickly. The breathing of the small male rose against his chest, sleeping almost peacefully. He would be asleep for a while, so Erebus would stay here with him, also because he was tired too. Putting his arms around his neck, he held him close, no intention of letting anyway else have him. Erebus swore that to himself, even as he drifted off to sleep.
* * *
Latias4ever, I hope you liked it and I really hope I portrayed your character's personalities correctly. I hope you all liked it. I was really nervous about posting this…
Unfortunately I'm going back to school in less than a week so I won't be able to update as often as I would like to. It sucks I can still spend my times during and after school writing in my notebooks, then get it on my laptop, but I'm sure everyone who's still in school can totally understand.

Shaymin X Celebi X Mew
This is a request from pokeflare. There really aren't many lemons with the legendary Pokémon. This was from a while back. I'm glad I'd been able to get it done.
This one is a threesome between Shaymin, Celebi, and Mew.
I hope this is to your satisfaction and if I didn't get everything you wanted, I apologize. There's just a certain way I do things.
* * *
The afternoon air was soft and gentle, blowing through the green leaves of the summer trees. The sun hung high over the clear blue sky, basking the land of Sinnoh in its warmth. The melodious chirps of the Starly filled the silent air, the peaceful landscape undisturbed by any outside force, and there was barely a single trainer around. What more could a wild Pokémon ask for?
Ask Mew; she could tell you.
Mew lay on her back in the grass, staring up at the sky through the canopy of the trees. She let out a depressed sigh. She was as bored as anyone could possibly be nothing to do on this beautiful day, and most of all she was lonely. She rolled over on her stomach, sighing again and making circles in the grass with her fingers. Lifting her paw from the grass, she looked at the tiny thing, at the small fingers. She got an idea that would relieve her boredom, and maybe even the loneliness.
She lifted herself of the ground and floated over to a tree. Leaning back against it she bent forward as far as she could go until she was in reach of her slit. Touching the sensitive area with her paw a jolt of pleasure shot through her. Rubbing the outer rim with her delicate fingers, a soft blush played across her face. She moaned as she worked her clit with the tips of her fingers, teasing herself by poking them in herself only a little bit.
"Ahh…Mewtwo…" She moaned using her telepathy, recalling the time she mated with her bioengineered copy. He was so large and her small fingers wouldn't be a suitable substitute for the fantasy, but it would have to do. She closed her eyes and thought of the larger feline Pokémon holding her down on her back, holding her by her hips and taking her. Her womanhood was slowly growing puffier and sensitive to the touch, pulsating as Mew slid her fingers through her folds. Her fingers slid in easily, but she felt little, to almost no pleasure. Mew narrowed her eyes and rubbed her clit faster but not even that did her any good.
Mew gave a frustrated whine. She removed her paw and remained sitting in that position. She looked around the clearing but there was nothing she could use. She growled in anger but it quickly subsided when her tail whipped around her head. Moving it to the front of her face, she looked at the fat oval shaped end. She gave a wide smile; that would do perfectly.
Directing the end of the long appendage to her slit, she lowered it down, just barely breaking the surface. Mew leaned back against the tree with her small paws against her chest. She tickled herself with the rounded tip, spreading her leaking juices over the skin around it. Her muscles sucked greedily on her tail like the suction from the gaping maw of a hungry Swallot. Stuffing a few inches inside her thoughts were all on Mewtwo, imagining his powerful body over her, his deep, husky voice whispering in her ear, licking her with his long, soft tongue. These very thoughts made her even wetter.
"Mewtwo…" she whispered, licking the tips of her fingers. "Yes, Mewtwo…Aghh…" Using her tail like a dildo Mew thrust the round end into her wet womanhood. Leaning her head against the tree she breathed through her mouth while she rubbed her chest, stimulating her nipples and making them erect from beneath her pink fur. Looking at what she was doing to herself with one eye open and her tongue hanging out the front of her mouth, she slowly pulled her tail out, creating a small sucking sound. The oval shaped end was coated with her sex liquid, the fur a darker pink than the rest. Touching herself with the end she rubbed it in a smooth circular motion; her small feline body quivered as she whimpered at the pleasure. The size was so similar to Mewtwo's member and the texture…the texture was so similar, it felt like he was actually inside her and this only excited Mew even more.
Taking a deep breath she, pushed the end inside before with a single swift movement she shoved the whole thing in.
Meanwhile…
"Celebi, this forest looks no different than it did fifty years from now!" Shaymin whined telepathically, stomping a paw against the ground as she walked.
"Sometimes forests don't change Shaymin." Celebi said as he floated next to her, his small wings batting through the air. "Without any type of human interference, a forest can flourish for hundreds, maybe even thousands of years."
"Wow that sure was moving Mother Nature." Shaymin said in a sarcastic yet teasing manner. Celebi chuckled. Looking up at the tree canopy he took a deep breath of the cool relaxing air. Celebi loved the forest; especially forests of light. Having a shrine built to him in Ilex Forest, the darkest forest on the planet, he spent all his time around it, spending most of his time in the dark wood. Believe me, you'd be happy to see the sun too if you spent most of your time in a dark, perpetually haunted forest.
"Why are we even here anyway?" Shaymin said. "We could easily have taken a walk in our time period."
"It's not the same." Celebi said, shaking his head. "This forest was at its most beautiful during this time period. It's so-"
"Wait! Do you hear that?" Shaymin cut him off, stopping in her tracks.
Celebi stopped, floating in place. "What is it?"
"Listen…" Shaymin said, her eyes scanning nowhere in particular listening carefully. Celebi listened but at first heard nothing; all he heard was the sounds of the bird Pokémon chirping. As he listened more he could hear a faint noise, which sounded like someone moaning. They came across a Houndoom couple on their way to the forest, so they knew the sounds of two voices. But this sounded like only one.
"What is that? Is that someone moaning?" Celebi said.
"That's what it sounds like…" Shaymin said. "Someone could be hurt. I think we should check it out."
Shaymin and Celebi continued to walk for a few minutes, listening for the sound. The further they got the louder it got; and the more it sounded like whoever it was, wasn't hurt. As they passed a group of bushes, the sound was the loudest it was. Celebi pushed one of the bushes away and his jaw dropped at what he saw.
"Uhhhh…! M-Mewtwo! Harder Mewtwo harder!" Mew moaned in her own ecstasy.
Leaning up against a tree, was a Mew whose tail was buried in her pussy; Celebi could see she had the whole oval tip in herself. Her face was all screwed up; her eyes clenched shut her, body arched and spasmed at rather odd angles.
Celebi suddenly became hot. He looked over at Shaymin who had the same expression on her face. Her face was a light shade of red, and when she looked at Celebi it only got redder.
"Uh…Celebi?" she said nervously. "You got a little visitor." She motioned to his waist.
Celebi looked down and saw that he got a slight erection from watching Mew. He looked back up at the feline who continued to pleasure herself. He got harder every second he watched her until it was impossible to not do anything. Celebi reached down and wrapped his hand around his member and slowly started to rub himself. Shaymin gasped at this unexpected action but she found herself becoming wet. The double visage of Celebi and Mew made this harder to resist. She looked at Mew and saw her body spasm forward and gave a loud scream of ecstasy. That did for her. She grew even wetter and she needed to satisfy herself.
Quickly rolling onto her side she arched her back in as much as she could to get as close to her dripping essence as possible. Reaching her paw out she touched the rim of her entrance causing herself to leak a little bit. She moved her eyes from Celebi, who kept the bush parted with his telepathy so he could watch at an angle and not be seen, to the Mew, and back to Celebi. The Time Travel Pokémon watched Mew in amazement as he masturbated himself running his fingers down his hard shaft. He panted as he pictured his length in place of her tail, wrapped nicely in the warm feline. He looked at Shaymin to see what she was doing; she was pleasuring herself as much as he was, her eyes fixed on the psychic type, though she looked like she was in a rather uncomfortable position.
Indeed Shaymin was; her back was starting to hurt, so she had to stretch back out to relieve the pressure. Even without anything down there it still went without her and she had to relieve it. Celebi was having no problems.
"Celebi…!" Shaymin whined as quietly as she could, rolling onto her back. Celebi looked over at his friend. "Celebi please come over here…!"
Shaymin's hind legs were spread apart revealing her dripping hotness, pink and swollen, begging for something to pierce its depths. Breaking his hold on the bushes they snapped back into place as he floated to her. Shaymin squirmed impatiently, shaking her lower half slightly as if to tease him. Celebi positioned himself in between her legs and swiftly penetrated her. Shaymin had to prevent herself from letting out a squeal of delight as Celebi thrust into her cavern, touching her most sensitive and private places on her body. This was not the first time they did anything like this with each other, so this didn't feel odd to them. Celebi thrust his body down against hers making Shaymin moan out loud this time. The grass type grabbed her small hind legs and spread them even further apart. Shaymin thrust herself forward and moaned even louder, not paying attention to how loud she was.
Mew's fur was drenched with sweat, her crotch and legs stained with the torrents that poured out of her. Her body spasmed forward several times like she was having a mild seizure, as she screamed Mewtwo's name over and over, working her tail furiously against her clitoris, while at the same time groping her breasts; they were so stimulated that they actually started to leak of her mammary supplement. Just imagine what she was like when Mewtwo was actually doing this to her.
"Oh! Oh god Mewtwo!" Mew cried rubbing her sweaty chest. "Fuck me h-harder Mewtwo!" The pleasure was driving the small feline Pokémon into madness, her body not able to take this much pleasure. Removing her paws from her chest she moved them behind her and grabbed the ends of pieces of bark that protruded from the tree. Her face was a strong shade of red and made her pink fur look darker, her skin beneath hot to the touch. When she thought for sure she would end up sending herself to Arceus's Hall of Origin, she quickly removed her soaked tail from her engorged hole, and before she knew it her climax hit and her fluids literally squirted out of her in a long hard plume spraying in every direction. Mew arched her back, crying out as loud as she could. Squeezing the bark she tried to bring her arms forward without letting go of the wood. She pulled so hard she actually ripped the bark right off the tree with a loud snap, the fragments falling apart between her fingers. A massive pool was created beneath her, the evidence of her self-pleasuring.
Mew collapsed against the tree, panting from her loss of energy. Her body covered in sweat, breast milk, and her ejaculate, she looked like a mess. Her sight was blurred from the sweat leaking down into her eyes. She closed them to take a nice, long, energy replenishing nap, when she heard a loud moan. Her eyes shot open and she looked in the direction it came from. She could hear several sounds coming from behind that bush. Mew got up off her bottom and floated over to the bush, her curiosity and her suspicion getting the best of her. Someone or something was back there and she wanted know who or what it was.
Emerging from the other end of the bush her eyes became wide when she saw the Celebi on top of the Shaymin, pumping into her at a fast pace. Mew placed her paws against her chest like she was crossing her arms.
"Well well." Mew said in a loud voice. "Looks like I've got myself some Peeping Toms."
Celebi immediately stopped at the sudden sound of her voice. Both the Pokémon's eyes widened and they looked, and saw Mew floating there, her fur sweaty and an almost annoyed yet amused look on her face. Celebi immediately disconnected from Shaymin who scrambled up to her feet. Both Pokémon stood there, looking at Mew with a shamed look.
"I…we…we didn't mean…you see the thing is…" Celebi stammered while looking down at the grass, trying to explain the awkward situation.
"You two were watching me weren't you?" Mew said.
Shaymin nodded slowly. "We're very sorry…but when we saw you, we just got…you know."
Mew was still shocked and a little mad, but then she got an idea. She smiled, shaking her head. "Everyone gets a little horny every now and then. I understand."
Celebi looked up at her. "You understand? You're not mad at us?"
"Now don't think because I understand why you did it that I'm going to let you two off the hook. You're going to have to do something for me first."
"Do something for you?" Shaymin said, a little confused at what she was getting at.
"Mainly you Celebi." Her eyes glinted with a look of playfulness and mischief, and Celebi had a feeling he knew what she was getting at.
With a small blast of psychic energy, Mew pushed Celebi to the ground knocking the wind out of him. Mew floated over to him until she was directly over his waist, looking down at his cock that stood up from his body, hard and ridged, pointing straight up at Mew. She turned herself around and slowly lowered herself towards him until he slowly entered her. Mew moaned softly at the unusual shape of Celebi's penis; sharp at the end, almost coming in a hook and almost greenish in color. Celebi rubbed his forehead and looked up to see Mew taking in half of his member, but with her back facing him, looking back at the fellow Legendary. Mew lowered herself all the way down so now she was sitting in his lap.
"Let's see what you got, time traveler." She said in a playful manner. Celebi could feel just how wet she was; she was coated in juice and it was already soaking Celebi's body. The cat-like Pokémon lifted herself up and brought herself back down on him. Celebi grunted and grabbed hold of her hips. The feline rocked up and down on Celebi, thrusting him in and out of her. Celebi took in a deep breath and immediately got a whiff of the strong odor coming from Mew and it made his excitement even greater. Flattening his palm on her body her ran it down to her soft yet firm hindquarters and gave them a small squeeze making Mew giggle. She leaned her head back a let a moan escape from her small mouth.
The bottom of the Legendary's tail lay on Celebi's chest, the tip hanging over his head. He could smell the heavy aroma that came from it. A drop of her cum dripped from the fur falling at the corner of his mouth; he tasted her essence, and it tasted good. Closing his eyes and letting out both a pleasured and relaxed moan, he let his muscles unwind and let Mew ride him. Mew fondled her right breast with her paw, poking her hardened nipple with her claw. Celebi guided his hands back to her hips and held then again, guiding her easily over his throbbing length. The smell of sex was very heavy in the air mainly coming from Mew.
Celebi could feel the pleasure growing greater until he felt a rush of air and he suddenly felt Mew's weight no longer on him. He opened his eyes and saw that she was gone. She was now on the ground, knocked off by Shaymin, who glared at her.
"You've had enough of your fun!" Shaymin growled, baring her teeth. "He's mine! He's mine! MINE!"
"You're the one who's already had your time!" Mew snapped back. "Let someone else have him!" Then she did something totally unexpected: she slapped her across the face with her wet tail.
"How dare you!" Shaymin roared, pouncing on top of Mew and pinning her to the ground.
The two females stayed that way for several moments, exchanging fighting words between each other. Celebi watched the two fight and while it was arousing to have two girls fight over him, it wasn't getting them or going to get them anywhere. Celebi got up off his back and floated over to them, hovering directly behind them. Taking the index fingers on both paws he stuck them in his mouth and let the saliva soak into the skin and fur until they were sopping wet. Locating both of the females' enflamed slits he slowly stuck each finger inside them. Their argument immediately ended and they both gasped in surprise.
"Girls, girls. There's no need to fight over me like this. There's enough of me for both of you." He said, pushing his finger through them. Both females moaned at his minor yet pleasurable treatment. Their juices flowed from their pussies, Shaymin's dribbling onto Mew's tail fur. Celebi's hands were quickly covered in Shaymin and Mew's love juice the smell growing even stronger. The sounds of their moaning drove him further and he fingered them faster increasing the flow. Shaymin looked down at Mew, who looked back up at her. As if the lust was driving and controlling their actions, they leaned towards each other and kissed. Mew quickly shoved her tongue into Shaymin's mouth who didn't give much of a fight. The females' mouths fought one another while Celebi rubbed their clits quickly and steadily, his arms covered up to the forearm in cum.
Mew grabbed Shaymin's neck fur and pulled her closer deepening the kiss. Slobber fell from their mouths every time they disconnected, the pleasure increasing the flow of saliva. When Celebi saw that they were occupying themselves, he removed his paws from them and focused his attention on her dripping, wanting hole. Floating up to it he grabbed the green fur on her top for leverage and guided his member to her entrance before quickly penetrating her. Shaymin moaned against Mew's mouth, vibrating against hers. Not wasting any time at all Celebi quickly thrust into Shaymin making her release Mew's mouth to moan out loud.
She instinctively thrust backwards to meet everyone of Celebi's thrusts, meeting him halfway. The pleasured look on Shaymin's face was enough to make her feel what she was feeling. The Time Travel Pokémon tightened his hold on her fur, slamming harder into her. Shaymin fought to keep herself on her feet so she didn't fall on the Pokémon beneath her. Shaymin panted like a dog as Celebi sent them both further towards their orgasms until her body gave way and she released the pressure she'd been containing within her. Celebi kept pounding himself in her, Shaymin's climaxed juices splashing off their bodies as they smacked together. Meer minutes later Celebi found his orgasm uncontrollable and he felt his body get hotter as he released his seed in several sharp streams into the Gratitude Pokémon. Celebi grunted as he pulled out of her, before he picked her up and set her down on her stomach next to her.
"You're next Mew." He said while licking his lips. Mew rolled over onto her stomach, indicating for Celebi to take her from behind. He got down on the grass and gripped her hips, lifting her into the air slightly and positioning her spread legs at his sides. Mew looked at Shaymin who was still lying on her stomach. Taking her tail she twirled it through the air above the Pokémon before lowering it down to her hindquarters. Pressing the end against Shaymin's slit she shoved half of her tail in the Gratitude Pokémon, taking her by surprise. She screamed at the size of the appendage and clawed at the grass bellow. She could feel that it was Mew's tail. Celebi waited to make sure his friend was okay and that Mew wasn't hurting her.
Mew slowly thrust her tail through Shaymin's clit, going in halfway each thrust. Shaymin quickly got used to the size and moaned loudly at the size of the object that was inside her. Seeing she was okay Celebi pulled Mew towards him and continued what was interrupted. Mew let out a small moan, loving the feeling of the male inside her again. Celebi held Mew's legs spread while he slowly rammed himself in through her hot womanhood. Mew looked at Shaymin. She was breathing lightly, her eyes open at attention. Mew took her tail and thrust more until ¾ of the oval end was inside. Shaymin's eyes widened and she let out a loud gasp. Her body shook as sweat began to pour down her white and green body.
"Aaahhhh…!" Shaymin cried. "Oh that feels so good!" The small grass type's legs began to shake as the intense pleasure assaulted her body. She wasn't made to fit something like this so why did it feel so good?
Mew had to stop for a minute while Celebi started to go faster and harder. His wings beat against the air like those of a hummingbird. Mew let out a pleasured moan and closed her eyes, letting Celebi do the work this time. Her body pressed against the earth, she nuzzled the side of her face against the grass, wiggling her tongue against the blades of grass. Celebi tightened his hold on her hips and while staying in place he thrust her onto him. Her body rubbed against the grass against her hard nipple making her chest wet. Mew grabbed the grass with her small fingers, trying to keep herself in place.
As for Shaymin, Mew thrust her tail in at the same rate and depth as before. Mew decided to up the ante to see just how much she could handle. Pulling her tail all the way out she shoved the whole oval end on the inside all the way to the thin part. Shaymin's eyes became even wider and she screamed in pleasure with her mouth wide open and her tongue hanging out. Now she could feel every detail of her tail, the smooth curves covered by the short pink fur, each individual strand tickling and pricking her insides. But the most exhilarating was how it filled her, filled to the absolute brim; while her insides stretched to accommodate the tail, her vaginal lips contracted to fit around the thin part of it. Shaymin screamed through her open mouth, dribbles of drool going down the corners of her mouth as she felt Mew move it around in her, rubbing the inside of the sensitive organ.
"Oh Mighty Arceus!" Rearing her head back and screaming to the heavens. "Yes! Yes Mew! Deeper!"
Mew smiled while moaning in ecstasy and shoved her tail so far that it entered her uterus and touched the very end. Shaymin could feel it bulge against her stomach pressing on the ground. Shaymin became lightheaded as the ecstasy attacked every nerve in her body. Shaymin's paws stretched out in front of her and retracted back to her, kneading the grass.
Celebi watched what Mew was doing to her and it aroused him to no end. Pounding Mew's body faster and harder against his pelvis the jerky movements made Mew's grip on the grass too strong and she pulled the grass straight out by the roots. The moans of both girls filled Celebi's mind, driving him crazy. The forest in front of her continuously came forward and retracted back rapidly her breasts still rubbing against the grass. Shaymin arched her back at sick angles, the flowers on the sides of her head blooming in bright and magnificent colors. Her hind legs her covered in her love juice splashing in a pool beneath her. Shaymin could see stars in front of her eyes as her liquid rushed out in a deluge, squeezing past Mew's tail before shooting out into the pool. Shaymin's body rocked back and forth as more and more ejaculate emptied from her. This lasted a good three minutes before her juice squirted one last time before they came to a stop and Shaymin collapsed to the ground, taking light shallowed breaths. Mew slowly pulled her tail from her and Shaymin quickly fell asleep from lack of energy, leaving Mew and Celebi by themselves.
Leaning over her he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her up off the ground pressing her against his body moving her feet in front of her. Using his other arm he grabbed her left breast and squeezed it as he floated up off the ground. Now they were in the air and Celebi continued to thrust into her, but this time at an upwards diagonal angle. Mew leaned her head back against Celebi, who planted soft kisses against her exposed neck. Parting the fur with his teeth his bit into her soft skin making Mew moan. The two Legendaries bodies entwined like one living being, fitting together like a two pieces of a puzzle.
Mew's essence dripped from her womanhood making a pool beneath the two. She felt like her climax was coming but she didn't want this moment to end; not now, not ever. The pleasure, the rubbing, was just too good. Celebi pulled out of her letting more juice flow, before penetrating her again. The Time Travel Pokémon held her closer moving faster than he did before. Mew closed her eyes and let the pleasure fill her, until she could no longer take it anymore. Grabbing Celebi's paws with hers she squeezed them as she orgasmed onto the tip of Celebi's cock, spilling the rest onto the ground. Celebi moaned softly and pulled out until only the tip was in, then thrust several more times until he pushed halfway in and came in Mew, planting his seed inside the feline. Mew breathed in the aftermath, Celebi still holding her body close to his.
"Mew…I…" Celebi was lost for words, but before he could find them a shadowy mirage appeared in front of them, in the shape of a Shadow Ball, yet there was no Pokémon around that could have conjured the orb. The orb slowly changed shape and expanded until it formed the shape a tall figure. Celebi and Mew continued to stare at it, until the shadowy darkness disappeared and revealed the figure beneath.
Mew gasped out loud. The figure…was Mewtwo.
The bioengineered clone stood there in front of them, tall and powerful compared to the smaller Pokémon. His cold, normally narrowed eyes were even more narrowed, so much that his pupils were barely visible. Mew knew Mewtwo well, and that was always a sign that he was angry. She was deathly afraid; afraid for herself, and afraid for Celebi.
The larger feline lifted up both of his arms, his paws open in front of him. His eyes glowed blue with psychic energy as Celebi and Mew found themselves force apart from one another, their bodies surrounded in blue aura that matched his eyes. Mew found herself flying towards Mewtwo and she was grasped in his larger paw, while Celebi on the other hand…
With a flick of his wrist, Celebi was thrust in front of Mewtwo's face. Face-to-face with him, Celebi stared frightfully into Mewtwo's cold hard eyes. Lifting his narrowed eyelids Mewtwo stared into his eyes, his one slowly turning a light purple. Celebi's eyes were locked on his and could not be turned away. Within seconds, his eyes felt very heavy until they locked shut and his head slumped down, fast asleep. Mewtwo's expression remained unchanged and he threw the unconscious Celebi to the ground next to Shaymin. Mewtwo pulled Mew next to his face and stared at her through the corner of his eye, not saying a single word with his telepathy.
"M-Mewtwo?" Mew said in a weak and frightened voice.
"The Celebi is not dead." He said coldly, as if he read her mind. "He is under hypnosis; he should awaken within an hour…Why did you do this Mew?"
"I…I…don't…" Mew was without words, unable to find the ones that would not make him mad.
"You are my mate Mew." Mewtwo said. "You are mine; and nobody else's. Not that Celebi."
"I-I…." Mew stammered. "Mewtwo…"
"I don't want to hurt you Mew; I watched this whole event. Even though you did this, you are my mate. You belong to nobody else. I protect you from harm. These pheromones of yours made you do this, I know."
Mew was relieved yet confused at the same time. Mewtwo was actually forgiving her? She expected him to rip her apart with his psychic powers…
Mewtwo rubbed the underside of her chin with his rounded finger. "I may have been given life from your essence, I may be your clone, but you, my girl, are my mate. And I think you need to be taught a little lesson…back at our den."
Mewtwo smiled at her as his form started to vanish into the air, taking Mew with him until they were both gone.
* * *
The part with Mewtwo wasn't in the request but I thought it was a good and unexpected way to end this. I hope you found this to your liking pokeflare, and I hope you all liked!

Anya X Rapidash
I can't believe I broke the curse of the eleventh chapter!
This is a request from Sgt. Nolisten but I had a lot of help from my good friend Fake Norris, who came up with the scenario and some of the dialogue.
On a side note, be sure to check out his published his first story, "The Secret of the Game Corner", a Pokémon and Assassin's Creed crossover! I am acting as his beta reader and it is very good so far. It's been added under my favorites!
The pairing here is Human girlXRapidash (You don't see very many of those do you?)
* * *
Anya had been following this Ninetails for weeks. Every attempt to capture the magnificent fox had ultimately failed. She was able to best every Pokémon she had, including her strongest, her Vaporeon. Who knew a water type Pokémon could be bested by a fire type?
People said she was crazy for chasing this Pokémon; it was only a wild Ninetails, they would tell her; it's not a Legendary Pokémon, only one of each, there were many Vulpix, so there would of course be many Ninetails. Her parents told her to stop trying to kill herself and come home; Anya lived in Viridian City and she was somewhere near Fuchsia City. She'd been searching for at least a week.
Why would she go through all this trouble to capture a simple Ninetails? Call her crazy, but she knew this Ninetails was special. While most normal Ninetails have fur that's tan almost yellow in color, this Ninetails had fur of a gold shade, with a hint of soft pink to it. Anya decided the color was that of rose gold. But what also made the fox special, was her intelligence. Every attempt of a surprise attack or ambush, she knew her every move. Every attempt to lure and distract her with Pokémon food, she didn't fall for it. It seemed that she could never be capture; she would remain wild, out of the hands of Trainers for eternity. That only made the girl work even harder.
Today it was a dark and cloudy afternoon. On the outskirts of Fuchsia City, Anya slowly tiptoed through the grass, a Poké ball grasped in her hand. That Ninetails, that pesky little bugger, stood there in the grass, its back side facing the Trainer. Its long multiple tails flicked upwards many times; the Pokémon seemed to be unsuspecting, too occupied with the grass it was chowing down on.
Anya took a deep breath and rubbed the front of her shirt, soaking up the small amount of sweat that perspired there. The closer she got to the Pokémon the more nervous she got. The thought that the Ninetails would evade her again after all this time ate at her from the inside out. How would it look on her if she couldn't capture a simple Pokémon? How else would it look if people found out she was outsmarted by one? She would not stand for it!
Anya carefully pressed the button on the front of the Poké ball and released her Vaporeon from within it. By this time he knew exactly what his master wanted him to do: Catch this Ninetails at any cost.
They went through several plans to take the vixen by surprise but obviously they all failed. The only one they didn't try was to sneak up on it and when it saw them immediately spray a Water Gun attack in her face. That could incapacitate it but it left the window of attack open for only a split second; Ninetails had a fast reaction time.
Crouching close to the ground Vaporeon stalked through the grass like a predator, and Ninetails was the prey. Anya got on her knees and lowered herself to the ground to prevent herself from being seen. She adjusted her boots in case she had to make an emergency run. Vaporeon stayed completely silent, the only parts of his body moving were his legs that guided him towards the fox; not even his tail swished through the grass.
Vaporeon pulled water in his mouth from the small chambers in his body, filling it up to the point his cheeks expanded. Hit the Ninetails in the face. Hit the Ninetails in the face. These words he repeated over and over in his mind. The last thing he wanted was to fail in this task his trainer gave him, let the Ninetails get away and disappoint his trainer. The thought was unbearable.
He was only several feet from the vixen. She continued to eat the grass, not lifting her head up once to scan the area for predator Pokémon like Rydon or Nidoking. Mistakes like that would lead Pokémon to an unpleasant demise. Maybe the Ninetails became a little overconfident in her abilities to successfully evade Anya and Vaporeon; whatever the case may have been she wasn't aware that Vaporeon was ready to strike at any moment.
Now only two feet from her Vaporeon aligned his mouth so he could spray the water in her face when she lifted her head up. The water Eeveelution waited and waited for several minutes but the Ninetails was just so preoccupied with the ground. Apparently she was a voracious eater. The water in Vaporeon's mouth was growing lukewarm from staying in there so long. His heart rate began to increase as the anticipation and the slight impatience he felt.
The wind blew through the fur on Ninetails's back but nothing else on he seemed to move. Then, slowly but surely, her neck twitched as she lifted it up from the ground. For the first time she began to scan the area, slowly moving her head to the left, then to the right where she locked eyes with Vaporeon. In the blink of an eye Vaporeon immediately blasted the water he'd been holding from his mouth in the form of a Water Gun. The blast caught Ninetails on the side of her head and she squealed in surprise as she toppled over to the ground.
Anya jumped up in excitement and surprise. She couldn't believe it! It actually worked! She could just give a nice long victory dance but the situation was too important for that. She ran through the field towards where the Pokémon were and saw Ninetails stand up and quickly recover.
"Alright Vaporeon use Agility!" she yelled out to her companion.
The Ninetails quickly darted off across the field and Vaporeon went after her. Ninetails was fast but using his Agility Vaporeon was quickly catching up with her. He darted back and forth rapidly on either side behind her to cause confusion if she looked behind her. Anya could see them out there in the field, almost very far away already. Still running after them she gave her next command.
"Vaporeon use Quick Attack!" she called out as loudly as she could.
Vaporeon dashed forward and was a few feet next to Ninetails, both of them now running at least 45 miles an hour. Vaporeon looked at her graceful body that flowed across the grass each time she ran; she almost looked frightened. He felt a little sorry for her but he wanted to get his master's task completed after this long period of time. Initiating his Quick Attack Vaporeon made a sharp diagonal turn and came straight at her aiming for her side. Lowering his head down he came right at her and rammed his head into her side, causing all the wind to blow right out of her lungs as well as getting a cry of pain. She flew a few feet until her body hit a large log lying discarded in the middle of the grass, and she made no movements.
Vaporeon approached her and saw she wasn't moving. He cocked his head to the side and stared at her, waiting for her to move and run off again. But nothing like that happened. He got closer and smelled her body; she didn't smell dead. He placed his paw on her warm neck. He could feel a heartbeat so she wasn't dead fortunately. He let out a breath and sat down on the grass and waited for Anya to catch up.
When the trainer finally got to where the two Pokémon waited, she smiled from ear to ear. She was jumping for joy on the inside. This is what it felt like to finally succeed after multiple humiliating failures. She pulled Vaporeon's Poké ball and an empty Ultra Ball from her belt.
"Thank you Vaporeon. You did a great job today. I'll have to reward you when we get home." She tossed the Poké ball at the water type and returned him to his place inside the ball. It came back in her palm and she hooked it back onto her belt. Tossing the Ultra Ball in the air and catching it a few times she pulled her arm back and gave it a hearty throw. To this day she's not sure if she was overconfident when throwing the Ultra Ball, if she threw it too hard, or if the trajectory was simply a little off. Whatever the reason is she'll never know why; it will always baffle her.
The ball spun toward the unconscious Ninetails and suddenly it made a sharp downward turn and went to the right, landing in her tails. Anya couldn't believe her eyes. The ball actually missed its target. Well accidents do happen and she was not about to let a perfectly good Ultra Ball go to waste. She looked down at the Pokémon's tails. The Ultra Ball was slightly obscured by a tail that draped over it.
"There you are." She said out loud. She reached down and her hand wrapped around something but it wasn't the ball; it was soft and furry.
That was the last thing she remembered before everything went black.
Every sense was gone. Sense of body, sense of location and direction; they were gone. Everything around her was black. She couldn't see anything, she couldn't hear anything, and she couldn't even smell or taste anything. She felt immobile. Where was she? She had the feeling the answer was nowhere but nowhere isn't anywhere.
In front of her she could see a very faint gold color standing out amongst the pitch darkness. Her senses were beginning to come back, she figured, but what was this color? Or was it a light? The color slowly took shape and before her stood a Ninetails. But not just a Ninetails, the Ninetails. For some strange reason however her eyes were closed.
"From this day forward, a curse will be placed upon your soul."
Anya could hear a voice coming from somewhere. It sounded very feminine. There was no one else around, and this both confused and worried the trainer. There was only one place it could have come from…
The voice was coming from the Ninetails.
"A…curse?" Anya spoke up. "What are you talking about?"
"A Curse of Ninetails; one of several curses that comes from grabbing a tail of a Ninetails. The Curse of Greed and the Curse of Deceit are two such curses. In this case, you have hunted after me, desired for me, to make me yours. Therefore yours is the Curse of Lust."
"Curse of…Lust?" this wasn't making any sense. "I don't understand."
"It has been written that the Curse of Lust causes the cursed one to become the slave of the Ninetails whose tail they touched." The Ninetails opened her eyes and when she saw the human standing in front of her she began to lose her words. "You must be…y-you must…you…"
Ninetails stared at her not saying a single word. She just stared and Anya was getting very uneasy.
"What? Why are you staring at me?" Anya shifted uncomfortably.
"You're a girl!" Ninetails suddenly barked making Anya jump. "Damn! You're a girl!"
"What's wrong? Are you alright?" Anya said, surprised by her sudden lack of professionalism.
"No no no no…" Ninetails repeated. "This will not work. I don't do yuri…"
"Don't do…yuri?" Anya said with a screwed up look on her face. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"The curse…you still have to be cursed…" Ninetails lowered her head and thought carefully. There was no way this girl would be her slave, but the curse must pass over the foolish one who grabbed the tail. Maybe…Ninetails lifted up her head. "You will be Rapidash's slave for a thousand years!"
Then, everything went black again.
When Anya came to she found herself lying on a patch of grass, which strangely had little bits of grey rock in it. She rubbed her head which for some reason hurt a little bit.
"It's about time you're up." a voice from above her said.
When her vision fully returned she saw a Rapidash standing above her, the flames on his back standing out brightly against the grey sky.
"What happened? Where am I?" Anya said, brushing her brown hair from her face.
"This is where I live. Ninetails…brought you here." He answered, stomping a hoof on the ground.
Anya felt something hard, thin, and cold press against her back and upon inspection she saw it was a bicycle rack. Taking a look around her she saw that Rapidash's home was an abandoned playground with trees surrounding.
"Ninetails brought me here?" Anya stood to brush the dirt from her clothes…but her hands touched skin. She gasped. Her shirt that had the insignia of the Pokémon League was not covering her torso. It was gone. As were her tight fitting jeans, her boots, and even her bra and panties. She was completely naked.
"AAAAAAAAH!" She screamed and covering her breasts with one arm and her exposed lower region with her other hand.
"What happened to my clothes!" she wailed. "What's going on here?"
Rapidash sighed. "It's a bit complicated, but um…well, Ninetails cursed you, but she will not have sex with a girl, so she sent you here. And you still need to be cursed, so you kinda…you have to have sex with me."
"W-What?" Anya couldn't believe what she just heard.
"The curse can't be…ignored. If you don't, the wrath of Arceus will come down upon us, and he will destroy us. Not fun, believe me. But, assuming you want to live, this will be..."
"T-The wrath of Arceus?" Anya replied. "Ooh, not good. Well... Fine."
The trainer removed her hands which blocked the most private areas of her body. The stallion slowly approached her and sniffed her skin to get familiar with her scent. The tip of his tongue touched her skin as he moved his head down her body, down to her lower region. He stuck out his tongue and ran it across the surface of her pussy. She shivered at the texture of his tongue; it was cold and rough and was covered in small bumps. She reached behind her and grabbed the bike rack as the tip of the cold appendage slithered across and inside her. The horn that protruded from his head lightly poked and scratched her stomach but she didn't mind. Who would have known that on a simple day of catching Pokémon, she would be getting oral from a horse?
The tip of his tongue broke through her and tasted her warm innards. The flow of liquid came at a steady flow over his cold slimy tongue. The purpose of this was to get her well lubricated; you'll understand. Every now and then he gave her small love bites, his teeth scraping at the bunch of curls between her legs. Despite the cold that came from his tongue Anya felt a burning sensation within her, and it felt very strange. She'd done this and had sex with her Vaporeon, but this felt much different. The bumps on Rapidash's tongue rubbed against her sensitive skin and she leaned her head back and moaned. Rapidash slowly removed his tongue making a small popping sound and a thin stream of cum to leak out.
He lifted his head and turned his body to the side. "Now it's your turn." He motioned to between his hind legs. Anya took one look at the erection that dangled between his legs and gasped. He was at least 14 inches long and almost as thick as her arm. It was the biggest penis she'd ever seen. She swallowed the nervous lump in her throat and got down on her knees beside him. She lightly touched the limp member with the tips of her fingers and moved them along the skin. He slowly became harder to her touch. Remaining cautious she gently wrapped her hand around the center and felt it with both hands; the organ had a strange softness to it. The horse became a little stiffer in her grip. She took in a breath and licked the tip for a small taste. A small whiney from the stallion told her to go on. Taking the tip in her mouth she sucked on it while running her hands down the thick skin. It almost had a musky taste to it, but he tasted rather interesting. Running her tongue across the tip she licked where the tip meets the rest of the horse rod. Just looking at the horse turned her on even more.
Keeping one hand on him and rubbing it up and down with her palm she took her other hand and moved the other down to her pussy and slid her fingers in and started to masturbate. Taking more of Rapidash's massive cock in her mouth she sucked harder on it; the sucking increased the production of saliva and when she opened her mouth to take a breath it dribbled down the corners of her mouth. Rapidash shifted on his hooves, the flames on his back glowing slightly brighter. His thick length throbbed in her mouth as she sucked and took even more until it was close to going down her throat.
The girl's fingers slid through her lips and rubbed against her clit making her body even warmer. She could feel it spreading down even to her legs. Her hand glided down to the base of the horse's dick where she traced the tips of her nails across the bulging veins, getting a small noise from the horse.
"Amazing…" the fire stallion said. "Keep doing that…what you're doing…" Anya rubbed the underside with the back of her finger making it even harder so he was fully erect. The trainer plunged two of her fingers deep inside and worked her clit furiously moaning against the horse cock. When she rubbed so fast that she couldn't take it anymore, she spread her lips apart with her fingers and came all over her hand. When it subsided she immediately went back to masturbating. When she felt a watery liquid leak from the tip of Rapidash's cock she removed her it from her mouth and licked the tip like a sucker, then planted her tongue right on the tip, dabbing it and catching some of and tasting the horse semen. Rapidash became even harder until he was as solid as a rock.
Anya plunged her fingers deeper and held them there, rubbing her insides while staying in the same place. Her body hot and sweaty she continued doing this until she felt herself cream for a second time. Pulling the pleasure rod back into her mouth she sucked hard, running her hands across his boiling hot shaft rapidly. The horse snorted and stomped his front hooves down on the ground as his pre-cum dripped in at faster and copious amounts, on the brink of his release. Anya pulled more into her mouth and felt the tip flare and instantly grow bigger as the stallion suddenly shot a large amount of semen with so much force that it went directly down her throat. Not able to swallow all the liquid which she started to choke on, she removed it from her mouth and a huge torrent of horse fluid erupted onto her face and coating her chest and stomach like icing on a cake. Now covered in semen she rubbed her hands across the soft surface of the stud's penis to harden it again before she stood up.
"That was good." Rapidash said. "I'd say you're ready."
Anya got in front of him in front of the bicycle rack. She held the bar firmly with both hands and bent her back slightly with her rump extended out and her legs spread apart. She looked behind her and saw Rapidash sniff her behind, smelling her arousal juices. A few times he nuzzled the backs of her legs and lightly nipped on her skin.
"Have you done this before?" he said.
"A few times with my Vaporeon, but never with anything this big." She said, licking her dry lips.
"Be prepared then, because this may hurt a little bit if you're not used to it." He said to make sure she won't be in too much pain. A slave in pain won't want to do this again.
"Just…please don't get carried away…I'm not a mare…" she said nervously.
Hopping up on his hind legs Rapidash put his hooves around her side, holding onto her with his forelegs. She could feel his weight as his chest pressed against her backside and his snout lowered down to her neck. She felt his dick prod her ass as he thrust several times, trying to align with and penetrate her. His hooves slid and scratched on the grass while his forelegs rubbed against her sides.
Moving his head down beside hers she could hear his snorting as he frustratingly tried to enter, taking steps backwards before taking them forward and pressing the tip against her. Anya held her breath, bracing herself.
"I'm having some trouble here…" Rapidash grunted. "I could really use some help."
Anya looked back at him before she reached behind her ass and grabbed the end of his shaft and helped guide him towards her. Feeling his skin against her entrance she let the tip part her lips and let go, letting Rapidash take control of the rest, pushing the rest of his penis inside. The girl's eyes widened as the horse meat filled her to her capacity and she screamed in pain and pleasure. She tightened her hold on the rack and felt him thrust hard continuously several times, moving his front legs to her shoulders and pushing deeper. His glans engorged and got slightly bigger, locking him inside until he was finished. Anya screwed her eyes shut as her mouth hung open in a silent cry of mixed feeling. She could feel a bulge in her stomach from the massive size of his cock. The stallion let out a loud whiney as he slowly went faster, his weight pressed down against her back. Her walls clenched tightly around his member, sucking on it with his thrusts.
"Oh Arceus! Oh F-Fuck!" she hissed sharply. The pleasure and the pain were nothing like she ever felt before and her mind just screamed tremendously.
Removing her hands from the bar her body crashed down on it so she was bent over it with her waist pressing against it, she held onto his hooves to prevent him from falling backwards. Now over her with all control over his slave he pounded onto her with his powerful thrusts, spreading more pain but even more pleasure through her body.
Drops of shimmering seed dripped from her face along with drool from her mouth, open as a result of the intense pleasure. Her flesh burned as white hot fire from the horse flooded her. His thrusts were rough and hard, each one coming only a second after the other.
"So much…Can't take so much…" she mumbled, holding tighter on his front legs. The horse grunted and snorted nuzzling his snout against her face. Her breasts swayed gently with his thrusts, dripping with his semen that was left over from his first orgasm. The pleasure seemed to grow even stronger as their organs throbbed against each other, mixtures of cum pouring down from their sexes. A gurgle of agonizing, almost completely unbearable pleasure tore through Anya like scissors through paper, her saliva bubbling down her lips.
"Faster Rapidash! Deeper! More…More!" She shouted like an obedient sex slave. The pain was plentiful but so was the pleasure and she could hold on for that. Rapidash was going the speed horses normally do, but maybe he could use his powers for this.
Anya felt the stallion suddenly go faster and harder. She screamed as he drilled his cock deep inside and as fast as he was going she came, her muscle clenching around his. Her body heated until even her insides were burning. She held onto Rapidash for dear life as the orgasm kept going, never subsiding to give her a break. Her brown hair was sweaty and the tendrils hung from her face, obscuring her vision slightly. Rapidash took in the smell of her nice, hot, sweaty human body and it excited him.
Their bodies were moving like a well oiled machine and all Anya could think of was "Pokémon can use Agility during mating?"
Rapidash's Agility made his pounding brutal which only pushed Anya's orgasm longer; her stomach bulged incessantly with his thrusts, her womb stretched by his dick. The flames on the stallions' back roared and he whinnied loudly. The old metal bar that Anya held onto bent forward, threatening to rip from the earth as their hardcore fucking applied immense pressure to it. Rapidash rammed into her at a speed of at least 35 miles an hour, his length throbbing uncontrollably. Every joint, every muscle in her body screamed and ached; Anya began to feel like she was going to pass out. The bar dug into her skin leaving a deep red line across her waist.
As if she was forced to Anya became tight again as she had release for a second time like a broken tributary going everywhere from the main flow. The second grueling orgasm made her weaker, her legs felt like jelly. This lasted for several more minutes until the watery pre-cum started to ooze into her.
"Rapidash! I'm not going to make it!" She screamed but the animalistic pleasure became too much and he would not stop until he was finished. The horse's fiery heat blazed through her like wildfire as pre-cum came in small but copious amounts.
The watery liquid became thicker and as he slammed onto her the tip swelled to the size of her fist before he blew everything he had into her, his cum blasting against the wall of her womb and causing the girl to scream in unimaginable ecstasy as she creamed for a third and final time. Rapidash pumped his seed through her as it continued to flow, filling her up so much that the white runny fluid leaked down onto the grass. Anya gritted her teeth at the heat of the seed that flowed into her.
Once he was spent his cock went limp and slipped out of her causing the semen and vaginal liquid to spill from her. Anya let go of his hooves and he remained mounted on her for two minutes before he climbed off of her. Huffing through her mouth Anya's body was dripping with Rapidash's seed. She was so weak that she could barely move her hands from the rack, but with as much as she could without hurting herself she leaned back from over the bar and collapsed to the ground on her behind, panting and sucking in air.
"How was that? Are you going to be alright?" Rapidash said, nudging the crook of her neck with his snout.
Anya looked at the horse and gave a rather small smile. "I don't know…if I can…take a…thousand years…of this…"
* * *
I hope you liked this. Next one is a SeviperXZangoose lemon requested by asdfjkl!

Richter X Luna: Seviper X Zangoose
This is a request from asdfjkl. I wasn't sure which one to do next so please be patient and forgive me if this wasn't your request. With school being back in session this took me at least the entire week to write.
And yes Cythrant, I do take Yu-Gi-Oh! requests. I absolutely adore Yu-Gi-Oh!
And asdfjkl, I took no offense to your first review. I can fully understand where you were coming from, I mean, everyone needs a break from the lusty lemons right? So I was glad to do this for you.
The pairing here is SeviperXZangoose.
* * *
For hundreds upon thousands of years the Seviper and the Zangoose feuded together, lapsed together in an eternal struggle. The reason has never been made known by modern day man, but whatever the reason for their rivalry, it must be for a reason.
Zangoose, with their cat-like reflexes and sharp black claws; Seviper, with their long menacing fangs and knife-like tail; each one able to combat the other with ease. Seviper and Zangoose who met each other in battles, when they belonged to trainers, were heated with hatred and thirst for the spilling of the others blood. It was even worse and more so when they met each other…in the wild. The way things went between the two species, Pokémon Trainers and Professors alike wondered if the two would ever make peace, or if they would just stay bitter rivals forever.
Route 119, outside of Fortree City, was always a favorite meeting spot for Richter and Luna. More specifically they met in the grass to remain out of the sight of the humans, but who they really didn't want seeing them, were their tribes. Richter was a Seviper and Luna was a Zangoose; such relations were strictly, strictly forbidden in both tribes. The two were secretly best friends since they were young, and now that they were adolescents on the verge of adulthood, they were almost inseparable.
Luna parted the long grass with the black claws on her paws as she walked through the obscured field. The blades danced across her snow white body as they snapped back in place. Past this group of greenery was the same small little enclosure that she and Richter loved to spend time in, talking, playing, and sharing feelings. Who knew the eternal rival of your species, your rival, could end up being your best friend?
Stepping out from the grass Luna expected to see Richter's scaly form curled up on the ground, but much to her surprise the enclosure was empty. The Seviper was always there before she was, no matter how fast she ran.
"Richter?" she called out. "Richter are you there?" The clearing was empty and dead silent, not a single life form around except for Luna herself.
Staying low in the grass Richter peered at the female with his magenta colored eyes. His tongue flicked from his mouth, his amusement apparent by the gleam in his eyes. Luna was known to be startled easily and he could never resist using this to his advantage. He love scaring her out of her fur; it was good friendly fun. That's what best friends did: they teased and sometimes scared each other. He silently slithered through the grass towards her, her back to him. She knew he was there, somewhere, but she didn't know exactly where.
Bringing his body back, he launched himself off the ground and through the grass, flying right at her like a spear. He was so close until she was suddenly out of his path and he landed on the ground in a jumbled heap.
What just happened? Richter shook the dazed feeling from his head and looked to Luna. She had a sly smile on her face with her arms crossed.
"Thought you could sneak up and surprise me again huh?" she said before sitting down on the grass.
Richter sighed and slithered over to her, curling up in the grass beside her. They remained silent, enjoying the other's presence and listening to the wind. This is what they normally did when they met. Talk, look up at the sky, and sometimes they would just not say anything; the other's presence, their body being there, was enough to make them feeling warm on the inside.
Luna looked over at Richter. She and the snake had been friends for years but they were nothing more than friends; best friends for that matter. He'd been her only friend since they were both young; she never had any friends in her tribe, the other Zangoose were always so fierce and her father, the leader of the tribe, was so obsessed with finding a way to put a permanent end to the "sinister reptiles that crawl upon the earth", as he liked to call them so mockingly. Richter was such a nice individual; he was kind and gentle, traits very rare among the Seviper. All these years of spending so much time alone together, she grew so close to him that she could never imagine being away from him, even for a short amount of time. She knew she loved him, but it could never be; a relationship between mortal enemies could cause chaos and war between the two tribes.
She placed her paw down on his thick scaly body and slowly rubbed it. Richter was such a kind reptile yet he was strong and passionate about what he believed in. It only made her feel so much more for him. She wanted to be closer to him, both emotionally and physically. She wanted to be wrapped in his body, held close to him and never letting go.
She always played in her mind what would happen if he shared or rejected her feelings, and maybe two creatures, destined to be mortal enemies, could never be together.
She removed her paw and laid her head down on his body. Feeling the pressure on his body he lifted his head to see what it was and smiled when he saw Luna laying her head down. He shifted his body so he could lay his head down on her side. Her fur felt so soft against his scales; he envied the mammal Pokémon for their fur. Lifting up his blade like tail he slowly edged it closer to her. He wanted to touch her; feel her, hold her white body, and tell her how much he loved her. But he quickly retracted it away. He was afraid a one single, yet simple touch could lead to more than that. He was afraid to get more personal with her; one false or accidental move could ruin their friendship. He wanted to stay her friend but he also wanted her companionship, her warmth…But he never acted on these emotions no matter how much they tore him apart on the inside. He never wanted to and was afraid he would take advantage of her.
Luna felt his head on her and she reached back and stroked the top of his head.
"Richter," Luna said after a long time of silence. "Have you ever thought about your future?"
Richter lifted his head slightly. "What do you mean?"
"What do you want to do for yourself? Do you plan to leave your tribe and find a…a…"
"A mate?" Richter finished her sentence.
"Yeah. Have you ever thought about anything like that?" Luna looked back at him.
"I guess I have on a few occasions, but I haven't given it much thought…" Richter replied. "What about you?"
Luna shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know. I've always wanted a mate."
"You have anyone in mind?"
Luna frowned. "My father wants me to mate with Tiberius, the 'strongest' warrior in the tribe. He believes he'll make a 'suitable' mate for me. But Tiberius is a cad; he knows only of fighting and the ways of the warrior. I would never be with someone like that. He doesn't know how to be a loving person…like you…"
Richter blinked. What did she just she? Like…me?
"T-Thank you…Luna," Richter stammered. "I – I'm very flattered."
Luna scrapped two of her claws together and bit her tongue. Richter clearly didn't get her subtle message; but then again they have been friends for a very long time and he would never think of her in that way as to understand what she was saying. While she did want to be his mate, how do you ask your childhood friend such a question? That you want to be more than just friends? To let them touch you, to let them feel you, in such a close and personal way?
"But whoever you may meet, I hope you find happiness with them." Richter said.
Luna could sense something in his voice. It sounded…like…pain.
"Is something bothering you Richter?" Luna said.
Richter sucked back the tear head been trying to hold back. "No Luna. I-I'm fine."
Luna sighed. "Um…Richter, can I…may I tell you something; something…a little personal?"
Richter rubbed her with the underside of his head. "Of course. You can tell me anything."
Luna took a deep breath. "I do have someone in mind for my mate actually…"
The Seviper looked at the ground to the side "Really? Who is it?" He couldn't mask the sound of disappointment in his voice. Feeling her turn underneath he lifted his head to let her roll over on her other side so she was facing him. Laying his head down in the grass their heads were level and Luna stared into his eyes as she continued.
"I've known him for a very long time; since I was very young really. He's bold yet compassionate, strong yet caring. Actually…he's you."
Richter couldn't believe what he just heard. He wondered if he didn't hear her correctly.
"…What…are you saying Luna?" Richter spoke, making sure he was positive.
Luna gave him a small smile. "Richter, I…want you for my mate."
The snake was still shocked, but he was feeling flashes of happiness on the inside. Luna was let out actual feelings for him!
"Richter, I've loved you for a long time but I never knew how you'd react if I ever told you. When I'm around you, I feel complete; I feel safe and secure."
Luna lifted a shaky paw and touched the side of Richter's face. They looked into each other's eyes and stared at each other before Richter finally spoke up.
"Luna…I…I…I've always wanted to tell you…" he said. There was no point in keeping everything in now. "I've always felt the same about you. But I was afraid I would be taking advantage of you."
"Why would you think that?"
Richter stuck his forked tongue from his mouth. "All these years of sharing secrets with each other, when you told me you were still a virgin…the thing I feared most…was taking that away from you."
A tear welled up in the Zangoose's eye and she smiled. "That's so…sweet." She leaned her head in a kissed the snake. Richter's eyes widened. This was the first ever kiss that he and Luna ever had. She held her lips on his, her eyes closed. Slowly she pulled away and she had more tears leaking down her face. Richter's face was a light shade of red.
"I love you Richter." She said. She put her paw over his body and pulled him against her soft body, embracing him in a hug. Luna buried her face in his skin like a newborn pup to her mother.
Richter smiled and rubbed her back with his sword-like tail. "I've waited so long to hear you say those words. I love you Luna."
He closed his eyes and the two remained embraced, holding each other like long lost lovers. Luna rubbed her face against her best friend's body. His scales were cold, yet so warm
"I want to be yours, so much I can't bear to be away from you." Luna said, lifting her head up and looking up at him. Richter looked down at her to see the tears running down her white face.
"Luna, why are you crying?" Richter asked, rubbing his tail through the fur on her head.
The Zangoose sniffed. "I-I'm afraid it will hurt…"
"Afraid what will hurt?"
"When we…make love."
The snake's eyes widened. "Luna! I…we…" he saw the wanting look in her eyes. "Luna, are you sure about this?"
The female grabbed his face and pulled him in for another kiss. "I've never been surer about anything in my life."
Luna pulled him into another hug and held him tighter than before. She was so serious about this. He loved her and he only wanted what was best for her. She wanted to be his mate; and nothing would make him happier. Taking the tip of his tail he lifted her chin up and looked into her eyes.
"Luna, I'll only do this if you want me to." He said.
Luna nodded. "I want this, more than anything. I want to be your mate forever."
Richter leaned in and kissed his childhood friend sweetly on the lips. She gratefully accepted by wrapping her arms around his "neck" and pulling him closer. Their bodies began to heat up as they explored each other in a more personal manner. Looking at each other through half-open eyes, Luna whimpered slightly as they kissed. Richter pulled his mouth from hers.
"Is something wrong? Are you having second thoughts?"
Luna shook her head. "No. I'm just…I'm just so happy."
She pulled the snake back to her and kissed him again. Richter slowly slid his tongue into her mouth, feeling her in a way he never felt before. He was experiencing new feelings for his best friend just like she was, and this was just as hard to do as it was for her. Their tongues touched and Luna let out a small and stifled moan. Their bodies trembled with the strong emotions they had for each other, everything felt…right. Rivals or not, they were in love; deeply, madly in love. She pressed her body against his trying to get as close to him as possible.
Richter took his tail and slid it gently up her back, parting the fur and touching the warm skin. Luna moaned against the touch. Slipping from her hold he gently kissed her neck rubbing his large red fangs against her.
"Mmmm…" The Zangoose moaned softly. The Seviper ran his tongue across her body dampening the fur and changing it a darker shade of white. His forked tongue played across her body leaving streaks of saliva across her fur. Sweat dripped from Luna's forehead as she tried to control all the emotions she was feeling. Richter moved his tongue down to her breast but all he wouldn't go any further down; he couldn't bring himself to lick her there. He rubbed his head against her shoulder letting the soft strands of fur rub against his skin. Luna let out a purring sound, her chest rising beside him.
Richter slipped his tail under her side and curled it back over continuously until he was coiled around her entire body. Pulling her up on the ground he set her down on her bottom, still wrapped around. His head faced hers and they looked at each other for a time again.
Richter planted his mouth against Luna's and they kissed, passionately. Moaning into the other's mouth, they remained open as their tongues rubbed against each other, exchanging bodily fluid. Luna reached up and wrapped her arms around the base of his head as much as she could, their eyes locked as their tongues continued to engage in the open majestic dance of lovely passion. They held each other close not letting go for a single second.
"Richter?" Luna breathed.
"Y-Yes, my love?" he replied.
"I…I'm ready."
Richter swallowed, but unwrapped himself from around Luna and allowed her to lie down on her back. The Zangoose looked up at the Seviper.
"You're positive you want to do this?" Richter said nervously. "If we make love we can never go back to how things were."
Luna nodded. "I'm ready for this. I'm ready to become your mate."
Nodding, Richter slithered in front of her and his heart rate increased. He'd never seen her at this angle. Never had he seen this part of her; her wet and most sacred area of her body.
Luna lifted her head. "Is everything okay?"
"Everything's fine. It's just…I've never seen you like this before." Richter said. "I'm very nervous."
"I'll be okay. Don't worry about me." Luna assured him as best as she could without sounding frightened herself.
Slowly and almost hesitantly, Richter slithered on top of her, bunching his body together so he could get his head level with hers and with his tail draped between her legs. His reptilian penis was fully exposed from its slit, poking out two or three feet from the base of his tail. Sliding his tail down he positioned his member a few inches from her dripping hotness.
"You're so beautiful…" Richter said, mesmerized by his best friend, and future mate.
Luna blushed a shade of red and rubbed the front of the Seviper's face. Her black claws poked his skin but did no damage. For years they were inseparable best friends, and soon they would be mates; a Zangoose and a Seviper.
Luna breathing eventually became nervous, trying to swallow her ebbing fear.
"We can still stop it you want…" Richter said at seeing her fear.
Luna shook her head. "No. I'll be alright. I can take the pain." She replied.
"Just know…I would never hurt you." he said, fighting a tear from escaping his eye. Richter took a deeper breath and slowly pushed his length towards her. The heat from her slit was growing stronger until he could feel the heat encasing the tip. Almost swallowing his tongue he pushed the tip inside her. Luna winced as she felt it slide through her folds, giving her a very unusual feeling. The two looked at each other then Richter stopped when he touched her hymen.
"Here it comes." He said very fearfully. With a single and gentle thrust he stabbed through and took Luna's virginity.
The Zangoose couldn't help but let out a cry of pain as tears flooded down her face. "Please forgive me…" The Seviper said, wanting desperately to bite down on his tongue. Luna wrapped her arms around Richter's neck to hold him close, holding on for dear life.
His thrusts were slow and steady to get her accustomed to his size. Richter's body coiled as he got himself and Luna comfortable as he lay on top of her. Luna clenched her eyes and her teeth shut, her body shaking in the dulling yet still lingering pain.
"Am I…hurting you Luna?" Richter said.
Luna lifted his head up and rubbed the side of his face with her paw. "I'm fine. Please keep going. I want our love to be stronger."
Pulling back the lower portion of his long thin body Richter pulled out of his best friend then pushed back inside her. The Seviper captured her cry in an open-mouthed kiss; Luna wrapped her arms back around him.
"Ahhh…Ahhhh…" Luna moaned as she started to become used to his size and presence. Richter clamped his eyes shut, feeling just as many overwhelming pleasured feelings as she was. Luna's sweat coated her body and Richter could feel it.
"This is incredible…" Richter panted. "But also exhausting…"
Love behind each of his thrusts Richter felt her slimy wet cavern envelop him and he let out a moan of pleasure at the same time she did. Luna bucked her hips upward to meet his thrusts, her natural lubricant coating them. They became just a broken record of moaning and panting, every muscle tightening and every emotion rushing over and through them. Richter swirled his long tongue over her face, giving her wet yet loving kisses. Luna moaned and leaned her head back allowing Richter to have access to her neck, which he gently grazed his tongue as well as his teeth across. Their bodies met softly and gracefully, wave after wave of pleasure going through them.
"Richter…" Luna moaned, rubbing the back of Richter's head as she held onto him. "Oh Richter…that feels good…" Her chest heaved beneath him making him rise up each time she took in a short light breath. She hung her tongue from her mouth, taking in short gasps of air. The tongue of the snake making love to her licked the inside of her mouth with his long tongue gently, caressing every inch, treating it like a sacred haven. Luna felt his thrusts speed up and her pleasure became greater as did his.
"Richter…please don't leave me…" Luna said in the mist of their love.
"I never…would plan on it." He said kindly.
The pleasure became greater and greater, but then it suddenly all stopped; Richter stopped. Luna opened her eyes to see Richter staring at her.
"Why…did you stop love?" she asked in a worried tone, for fear something was wrong.
"Luna…if you don't mind, um…can we try this from behind?" he said nervously.
Luna smiled. "Sure we can. I would enjoy that."
Richter pulled out of her and slithered off her body, allowing Luna to roll over and get on her knees, crouching down and lifting her hindquarters in the air. With her double tails lifted up he had a full view of her behind and his heart rate increased further. She was dripping wet, waiting for him.
Richter crawled onto her back from the side and coiled around her, his head above hers and his tail draped between her tails. Richter slipped himself inside making the female shiver at the smoothness of his member. Richter pumped into her far enough until his body touched her bottom. Luna moaned loudly, her melodious voice ringing through the snake's senses. Luna stretched her arms out to her side, lifting her hind end up as far as she could.
"Richter!" Luna cried out loud as her snake mate sped up his movements. Richter grunted as he pounded on her white and red Zangoose body, getting into a steady rhythm of steady thrusting. Richter moved his head down beside hers and their heat burned against each other.
"I…love you Richter…" Luna moaned.
"I love you too Luna." Richter grunted.
The whole world seemed to just melt away before Luna and all that seemed to matter was the Seviper mating her. Richter tightened his coiled body around her with no intention of ever letting her go. Her warmth, he wanted to feel her beautiful warm body beneath his scales, heating his cold body. He thrust harder yet lovingly into her.
"Ahh…Nngh…R-Richter…" Luna moaned out words that could only be produced from the failure to find much else to say, her voice coming out with each inward thrust from Richter. He slowly pulled himself out causing a small flow of liquid to escape from her throbbing womanhood before re-penetrating her. Her walls contracted around him squeezing his snakehood slightly and sending a sharp pleasured feeling through Richter's long body. Panting to catch her breath Luna pushed herself backwards against her mate. Richter tightened himself around her only slightly, taking in more of her heat but not squeezing hard enough to hurt her. He thrust at his rhythmatic and steady pace continuously, drops of his seed dripping into her. Luna's flow of juices increased as her love for Richter intensified from their love making. Reaching a paw up she put her paw at the back of Richter's neck and held onto him there, stabbing her claws into his rough skin.
Her muscles tightened and constricted his length as her insides churned from the pleasure she experienced. Sweat beads came down from her tall red and white ears and leaked into her open mouth filling her taste buds with the salty flavor. Their bodies rubbed and moved against each other with their continued their heated and loving movements, the Zangoose's sweat transferring to the snake's.
Her liquids dripped down her thighs as her climax encroached upon her body making the pleasure even stronger. Luna emitted a loud moan of ecstasy as her walls contracted and contracted even more and she writhed, her feet scrapping against the ground as her slit suddenly tightened even more and her orgasm crashed down upon her like a sudden plume of water. Luna cried out Richter's name constantly as her release came and continued to come as more kept pouring out as her walls constricted and suctioned the Seviper's member. Luna's legs shook and she clenched her eyes shut as her orgasm continued for the next three minutes until she just couldn't take it anymore.
"Richter…make me…yours…" she panted. "Make me…your mate…" Richter thrust several more times until he held himself fully inside her and the smooth skin of his member bulged as his reptile seed transferred from his body inside her womb, implanting his love gift in her and making her his mate, his Zangoose mate.
Luna felt her feet slip backwards as her lower half joined the rest of her body on the ground. Trapped under her weight Richter couldn't get out from under her, but he did not mind it one bit. His member began to lose slack until he pulled out of her and went back into its slit, its hiding place. Laying his head down next to Luna's, he looked at her until she looked back at him.
"Does this change anything between us?"
Luna smiled with her mouth open. "This does actually. Now we're mates."
Richter smiled back. "You have no regrets?"
She shook her head. "None. I'm glad we were able to do this."
"Neither do I. I'm so happy that I'm with you now, and always forever." Richter said lovingly, rubbing the side of his head against hers.
"I love you, so much Richter." She said almost tiredly.
"I love you too Luna." He said back to his childhood friend. How there tribes and their parents would react would be a different story, but not of this one. Not this tale of love. Richter and Luna, members of two rivaling species, loved each other and nothing would ever separate them.
Not their families, not an ancient feud, nothing at all.
* * *
I hope you liked this loving lemon!
I'm not really the best at coming up with unusual yet fitting names.

Dawn X Ash's Infernape
This is a request from Cythrant who requested this a while back.
This is the second request to involve Dawn! Yeah I have a major Dawn fetish, I just love the thought of her being fucked by Pokémon.
Call me weird but the whole time I was writing this I listened to a constant repeat of the first 41 seconds of the song "Severed Limbs are Hazardous Waste" (The part with the scratchy violins) from Dead Space XP
And Fake Norris, I have gotten a lot done with your request and should get it done soon. This one was requested first, and I write the requests based on what mood I am in to write. So I was in the mood to finish this one at the time.
* * *
Tick…Tock…Tick…Tock…
The clock on the mantel of Dawn's living room ticked loudly, the only sound that filled the dark house. In the living room Ash laid lazily sprawled out on the comfortable chair next to the couch, which Brock was sleeping on. A small pool of drool sat by the corner of his mouth, staining the arm of the chair; Johanna hated it when he did this. Pikachu was sleeping on the back of Ash's chair, his body curled in a ball and his tail covering his face. Johanna and her husband were fast asleep in their bed, and everything was quiet. Dawn, however, was in a different state.
With one hand against the wall of the hallway leading to the sitting room, Dawn had her other hand slipped in her panties, her pink skirt lifted up. Rubbing her clit slowly with her fingers, the juices began to slowly build up. Dawn moaned as the liquids flowed like ink from a broken pen. The only thing lighting the hall was the small plug-in light near the bottom of the wall. That's all Dawn needed to light her way as she made her way to the sitting room. Her fingers slid into her nonstop making her pussy wet and puffy. Taking her fingers out she rubbed the liquid all over her lips, tasting her own ejaculate
Dawn staggered from the hallway into the sitting room. The burning feeling in her chest was growing like a flame inside a fire Pokémon, and she slipped her free hand down the front of her shirt, sliding it under her bra and lightly touched the soft mound with her fingertips.
The sitting room was dark and quiet, a perfect place for her little private time. The pre-teen pulled her skirt down from her waist and let them fall, with her panties, to the floor. Flipping on a small lamp beside the couch she gave the room a little light so she could see where she was going and what she was doing. Dawn removed her shirt and threw it to the floor leaving her only in her white bra as well as her hat. Sitting down at the couch she spread her legs and continued to finger herself. Leaning her head back she ran her hand down the center of her neck, then pulled her hat off her head and tossing it to the table. Taking her hand from her love spot she took off her bra now making her completely naked. Her sweaty skin was touched by the cold air of the house and it made her feel only more aroused.
She rubbed her clit with the tips of her fingers, using her other hand she rubbed her chest making her nipples harden. The burning sensation in her chest got stronger and she groped herself harder which caused her liquid to flow faster. Her finger spread her lips apart and spilled some of the juice onto the carpet, and she spread her legs further apart to get more access to herself. The cold air continuously touched her hot skin making her body even hotter. Laying back against the couch she got more comfortable and relaxed her muscles, working her fingers and moaning from the results of her self-pleasuring. Dawn had to keep her noises down to minimum otherwise someone might wake up and catch her. The last thing she wanted was one of her friends, her parents, or even a Pokémon seeing her doing this...
Meanwhile in the living room, Ash's backpack shook until a white jagged line shot from the pack and Infernape emerged from the light. He grunted and clenched his fists. He was having a restless night from the hard battle Ash had him fight earlier that day.
Infernape liked to do a little walking around the forest, house, or wherever the group happened to be staying. Being both a Fire Pokémon and a primate, he had a pretty heated and reckless personality. The walking, the moving, the absence of dormancy, was the only thing that could calm him down. The Infernape strode into the single dark hallway that connected the living room to the rest of the house.
The flames on the back of his head lit up the dark hallway, his energy slowly rising and falling and showing as the flames glowed brighter and darker. At the end of the hall he could see a faint light coming from the sitting room. Someone was up.
An odd yet sweet smell filled his nose and he stopped in his place. His nostrils flared as he searched the air to get a better smell of the scent.
"Why does this smell seem so…familiar?" Infernape wondered. He continued towards the hall, curious about who was up at this time of night, when he stepped in something wet. He looked down at the wet spot on the carpet and stooped down to investigate. Rubbing the fiber and taking a whiff of his fingertips, he immediately knew what it was.
The ejaculate of a human female.
The minute the sweet liquid entered his nostrils, a spark practically blew in his mind. His body began to get hot, mainly in his lower regions. He remained very close to the floor and walked on all fours; someone in that room was either having sex or pleasuring themselves, and his curiosity but mainly his rising body temperature and primal instincts. The closer he got to the source of the light the more he could hear the sounds of someone moaning. It definitely sounded female.
Infernape stuck his head around the corner, and saw Dawn sitting on the couch against the wall, stark naked, with her hand slipped between her legs. She moaned and ran her other hand across her sweaty breasts. The minute the fire ape saw her, the spark and so much more burst. From smelling the female essence which he now knew came from Dawn, to seeing her like this, doing this to herself, went straight to his brain and his crotch, driving his fiery senses mad. He reached down to his lower region and felt his member becoming fully erect from watching Dawn.
The pre-teen girl continued to masturbate completely unaware that one of Ash's Pokémon was watching her. Her fingers moved faster through the folds of her womanhood she felt even closer to her release. At the very moment she was about to scissor her fingers and make herself orgasm, the lamp went out.
Dawn almost screamed. The instant appearance of the darkness broke her out of her world and back to the sitting room. She sat there, wondering what made the light go out. It wasn't a power outage or a short for that matter; otherwise the light would have burst. The moment instantly ruined by the light outage she reached for it so she could find her clothes. That's when her hand touched someone else's.
She froze. Someone else was in the room with her, but what frightened her the most was the fact that this hand didn't belong to a human. In a fraction of a second she found herself being pushed to the floor and she cried out in surprise. She had the strange feeling that the room was light again and she felt herself being flipped over and pulled back by her legs. Her eyes widened when she saw who her "attacker" was, who was holding her by her legs.
"Infernape!" Dawn squealed upon seeing Ash's Pokémon, and she began to struggle. "What do you think you're doing? Let me go!"
Infernape grabbed the blue-haired girl's thighs and pulled her more towards him until she was almost upside down, as well as stopping her struggling. A small line of drool came from the corner of his mouth as he looked down onto her cunt, swollen and wet from her self-pleasuring. Not a moment too soon he stuck his tongue out and lapped at her entrance greedily.
Dawn gasped in surprise and pleasure, taken completely by surprise that Infernape was doing this to her. This felt wrong, but it felt…good. His fiery hot tongue slithered over the surface, making her juices shoot upward at him. The ape held onto her legs tighter as he plowed his tongue into her and ruthlessly rubbed against the puffy genitalia.
Dawn closed her eyes and moaned helplessly, completely at the mercy of the Fire Pokémon. The experience of a male's tongue down there was all new to her and it felt incredible. A Pokémon or not, she was beginning to want more. Infernape's drive was sending him into a deeper frenzy; his tongue dug deeper in her and he watched Dawn's face become distorted with the intense sensations she was feeling, soft and cute moans escaping those soft-looking lips of hers.
"You haven't felt anything yet Dawn. You've never felt pleasure before you become dominated by an Infernape…" he thought to himself as he tongue-fucked her. Dawn's blue hair became sweaty and soaked into the carpet below her.
The girl's thoughts began to become fuzzy as the Pokémon's tongue drove them all out of her one by one. Her body began to tremble and her thighs locked under Infernape's tight grip on her. The smell and the taste of the human essence was enough to make him harder and his flames grow stronger. He straightened his tongue and bobbed his head down like his tongue was his large, throbbing cock.
"You taste delicious girl…" Infernape thought as he watched the blue-haired human squirming and whimpering in pure pleasure. "Just wait until I've taken you as mine…"
Dawn's body drenched with sweat she moaned louder as the primate's tongue rapidly and roughly touched the nerves of her organ, and soon she could barely think straight.
"Ah, Infernape…!" Dawn moaned. "Give me more. I need more!"
Ash's Pokémon grinned and the heat of his body spread from the tips of his ears to the end of his tail. His frenzy was growing stronger and he had to unleash it on the pre-teen's body, nice and hard. He popped his tongue from her slit and let his saliva fall from the tip of his tongue deep into her drenched hole. Taking her entire pussy in his mouth he bit down on the skin around it while tonguing her. Dawn cried out and arched her back inwards as she felt herself climax into Infernape's mouth, who sucked the liquid right out of her; the mere suction made her cum a second time. The girl looked up at Infernape, whom she had known since he first came into Ash's possession as a Chimchar. She was absolutely speechless.
"I-Infernape…" Dawn mumbled. "That was…"
Infernape licked the cum dripping from his lips. "We're just getting to the best part Dawn."
Holding onto her legs he pulled her up onto the couch and forcing her onto her back on the pillow against the arm of the couch. Never letting go of her legs he pushed them back so they were almost bent over her head. If Dawn wasn't so flexible this would hurt more than it did. Dawn stared up at him as he positioned himself over her, his pulsating member pointing straight down at her. The girl cried out as he went down on her.
"Infernape stop!" she said, trying to push on his shoulders. "I'm still a virgin!"
Infernape grunted as his crazy mating drive controlled his movements, overcoming Dawn's fight and stabbing into her womanhood. Dawn almost screamed from the pain and the loss of her virginity but Infernape put two of his fingers in her mouth to silence her. Infernape pounded down onto her body in quick and hard thrusts, looking directly into Dawn's tear filled eyes.
"You won't be crying for much longer; you will be screaming for more Dawn.." Infernape thought as he thrust into the human girl. Removing his fingers from her mouth he put them back at her leg to keep them pushed towards her. Despite the ape's roughness she could slowly feel the pain ebb away and replaced with pleasure, and a deep red blush appeared across her face. Dawn clenched her fists and tightened her eyes shut as she moaned loudly from Infernape's hard thrusting. Infernape panted roughly, his large amounts of energy and his crazed drive being the only things that fueled him.
"Oh! Aaahh! God Infernape harder!" Dawn cried ecstatically. Doing as she wished he thrust hard, which hit her sweet spot. Dawn shrieked and pushed her head back against the arm of the chair. Infernape forcefully fucked her downwards, taking the pre-teen away from their stationary spot. All cognitive thought was forced from her mind, sweat pouring down her blue hair. The heat from the fire Pokémon's body, which was very intense in his cock, made Dawn experience a mind-bowing, heated pleasure that she immediately released everything she had inside her up onto the ape, splashing across their skin, fur, as well as the couch as he brutally came down upon her.
Lines of drool leaked from every inch of Infernape's mouth, leaking down onto her skin and making her even hotter. The added lubrication made everything so slick and Infernape could feel her own bodily heat in her fluids. Infernape smirked and moved his hands down to her waist.
"Let's see how you are from behind." The fire primate thought lustily.
He flipped her over onto her knees and bent her over the arm of the couch. Leaning over her and pressing his back against hers, the large ape pressed his head against the back of her head as he grabbed her breast with his left hand, hooked his right arm under her armpit, and penetrated her all at once. Dawn screamed in ecstasy as Infernape pummeled her body with all the holds he had on her. The Pokémon sucked on the back of her neck, hammering her body against the arm of the couch, leaving small bruises on the fronts of her legs. She arched her body upwards under him, crying out his name constantly.
Infernape squeezed and massaged her breast, stimulating the nipple and adding to her building pleasure and liquids. Dawn dug her nails into the arm of the couch and breathed very lightly, moaning in between her breaths. His thrusts were so brutal that she started to hurt but if it weren't for the pleasure mixed so finely with it...
Dawn could not get enough of Infernape's domination over her human body.
Infernape moved his other hand from her breast and locked his arm around her other arm, holding her in a muscular lock. He banged against the girl harder and faster, his animal lust drive going off the charts. Pressing her down over the couch arm he grabbed a handful of her long blue hair and pulled back, making her yowl in pain and bliss, the simple act making her cum again spilling onto and staining the couch. Ash's Pokémon licked, bit, and sucked on her soft skin, impaling her on his Pokémon rod.
"Aaaaaaaah!" Dawn screamed as she came again. "Infernape! Infernape! More! MORE!"
Infernape brutalized her body with his slamming against her ass, his tail whipping against the backs of her legs. Dawn's body rang with so many emotions that were so hard to comprehend or even show that they could only show themselves in the form of mad orgasms. Infernape shifted his arm to around her stomach and violently attacked her with his agonizing and warm fucking. The flames on his head got even brighter until the whole room was lit like the lights were on. Everything in front of Dawn's eyes was obstructed by her sweat and her sweaty hair drooping down her face. The pleasure got so strong that she knew this was going to be stronger than any of the orgasms before it. Infernape breathed on the back of her neck, his hot breath sending warm shivers down her spine. Dawn had no control over her body or what happened to her; Infernape was in complete control of her.
While she felt the fire boiling within the primate's body rising to the surface of the skin and making her even hotter, making the release come faster and flow harder. Infernape's fucking was forcing it down on her quicker like he was trying to force her to cum; to force her to feel the intense pleasure. Dawn stuck her tongue out and panted heavily as it came closer and closer but it didn't seem to release itself. Only when Infernape prodded her g-spot continuously and viciously that it crashed down upon her so hard that she saw colored spots in front of her, in front of whatever she could see.
"I'm cumming Infernape!" Dawn cried, trying to swallow her scream as ounces and ounces of her ejaculate deluged from her and permanently stained the couch. Infernape's mating drive was so extreme that he could no longer hold it.
"I hope you can…take my hot seed human girl…" Infernape thought as his painful erection approached with a burning feeling. Thrusting hard a few times he held himself deep inside her and spilled his seed into her. Dawn cried out at the searing warmth of the cum, as it flowed like a river and filled her up.
Infernape pulled out and released her from his grip, leaving her a sweaty, tired mess, hanging over the couch arm like a limp rag doll. Infernape picked her up and laid her down on the couch, where she immediately fell asleep, devoid of all her energy. Infernape smiled as his flamed went down to their normal levels. Gathering her clothes he fully dressed her, otherwise she would have a lot of explaining to do in the morning. Too tired to go back to the living room, he laid on the other side of the couch, and watched Dawn sleep, with the pool of orgasmic juice between her legs.
The same juice he discovered in the hallway.
Philip strode quietly through the grassy, salty-aired pathway of Route 38, a single Poke Ball resting in his hand. Philip was a boy of about 12 years old. He wore baggy jeans and a black hoody that covered the plain white shirt that he wore underneath. On his head he wore a baseball cap with a Master Ball insignia stitched on the front. He had deep blue eyes and a well chiseled face, for a boy his age. The Poke Ball bounced in his hand as he threw it up then caught it, the process repeating continuously.
Philip was at the age where most children his age, at least the children from Ecruteak City, would get a Pokémon of their own. He would have gotten one from Professor Elm, but the Cyndaquil was taken by a resident boy named Ethan, and the Totodile was stolen from the lab by a mysterious red-headed kid. The Chikorita…well, Chikorita wasn't his kind of Pokémon, so his only other option was to go out and catch one himself.
He had taken all the savings he had made from his part-time job, bought himself a Poke Ball from the mart, and went out hunting, all it that same morning. Because he lived in Ecruteak, all the Pokémon on the routes leading to the town would all be powerful and well worth the long hunt.
But so far he had no luck.
Philip knew catching Pokémon successfully was already a difficult job; he'd come across a large yellow dog with large white fangs protruding from its mouth, which he'd almost had a chance to catch but it got spooked and ran away. Catching a wild Pokémon without a Pokémon already is even more difficult, near impossible actually. The pre-teen sat down on a log and hooked the Poke Ball to his belt and took off his hat.
"It is so humid..." He panted. "I knew I shouldn't have worn black today." Fanning himself with his hat he looked up at the grey sky; looked like rain, and he would have to leave for home soon, with another unsuccessful day behind him and as well as under his belt, with absolutely no progress made and not a single Pokémon seen.
"Well, maybe next time Philip old' boy," the boy said to himself. "Maybe next time…"
Feeling a drop of rain on the top of his head he put his cap back on his head, sighed and got up, slowly making his way back to Ecruteak. Putting his hands in his pocket he felt the rain drops increase in size and speed as they came down, but the boy knew he could make it back home before the rain came down hard.
As he passed the fence to his left and got closer to the route border that separated route 38 and Ecruteak, he heard a soft rustling sound of leaves followed by a small mewling sound. He stopped, looked, and saw an Eevee in front of the fence, lying in the grass. The side of her neck was red, the tan fur dripping with blood. Philip gasped at the sight and ran over to the injured Pokémon.
"You poor thing!" Philip exclaimed. "What happened to you?"
He reached his hand out but when the Eevee bit at it he quickly retracted. He looked up at the sky as the rain started to come down even harder. Wild or not he couldn't leave a Pokémon to die; its wound was too serious. Making an almost split and dangerous decision he scooped it up in his arms and stood back up.
"Eevee Eeveevee!" The small Pokémon cried, never having been picked up like this by a human. It tried to thrash in his arms but it was too weak to really fight, trying to get free with whatever energy it had left, but Philip wouldn't let go. Swinging the door to the border post open it banged loudly against the outside of the building leaving a large mark from the doorknob, and hung open as Philip ran past the guard and did the same to the other door, leaving the guard shocked and speechless as Philip ran to Ecruteak.
By now the rain was pouring down hard and the two got soaked by the rain and Philip had yet another reason why he wished he hadn't worn such heavy clothes; now he would have a lot to clean up before his mom got home from work. The thick water beat down upon him but he kept running getting close to his house with every step. Throwing the door to his house open he ran into the cool and dry atmosphere of his living room. His clothes were sopping wet, dripping onto the hardwood floor Eevee's fur was soaked and it started to shiver. He had to get it dry and tend to its wound. Going to the kitchen he set the wet Pokémon down on the hard white table. It breathed lightly, the entire right side of its mane red with blood. Swallowing he lifted the Pokémon's leg to see what gender it was; definitely female. She still wasn't fighting or anything, too weak from her wound. That was both good and bad.
The boy quickly kicked off his muddy shoes and pulled off his sopping wet hoody and jeans, leaving him in his white undershirt and black boxers. Less heavy clothes would make it easier to move around. Going to the bathroom closet he pulled a towel and a wash cloth, which he wettened, and the first aid kit and brought them to the Eevee. He felt her forehead. She was burning up.
Taking the wash cloth he dabbed the wound of the blood as well and gently as he could, cleaning the wound of the blood and dirt; upon closer inspection he could see the wound was caused by a bite from another Pokémon. What kind of heartless Pokémon could hurt an Eevee? He then lifted her up and set her down on the towel, to dry her and keep her warm. He rubbed her foreleg and carefully, trying to calm her down; she was a little fatigued by all that was happening.
"You poor girl…" Philip said, rubbing her head and ears, she almost appeared to be comforted by his petting. "Don't worry, everything will be alright. I'll take care of you sweetheart."
Philip didn't want to admit it but he had a feeling he didn't know what the hell he was doing.
Philip grabbed a small bottle of disinfectant and put a small amount on a cotton swab. Parting the fur on her neck he gently dabbed the wound to remove any other dirt or any infection. Eevee squirmed a little bit but she didn't fight; she was too weak. The wound was still bleeding a little, but Philip took a cotton pad, gauze, and two metal clips from the kit. Putting the pad against her bite he wrapped the gauze firmly around her neck, tightly enough to keep the pad in place and stop the bleeding but not tight enough to choke her. Wrapping the Pokémon in the towel he picked her up and cradled her in his arms, taking her into the living room and sitting down on the couch. Eevee looked so tired, about to fall asleep from exhaustion at any moment. Philip rubbed her forehead, stroking her long soft fur gently.
"Vee…Eevee Veevee…" the Pokémon said softly, slowly beginning to fall asleep. Philip rubbed her ears gently, encouraging her to go into slumber.
"I'll take care of you girl." Philip said compassionately. "I'll take you in, as my Pokémon."
Philip knew it was going to be hard taking care of a wild Pokémon, he also knew that Eevee was not going to get along with him very much since she first bit him and drew blood. The first week, everything was hard. He took her to Professor Elm, who he knew could help. The best thing he could do, Elm told him that when taking care of a wild Pokémon, you need to treat them like you would a domestic Pokémon; with love, respect, and kindness.
And that's exactly what he was doing. Eevee was the one who was making things difficult. Today, however, he would give her a nice and relaxing bath, to soften her down, as well as clean her up.
Philip stepped into the bathroom and closed the door behind him. Turning on the water in the bathtub he let it fill slowly while he went to find two towels and a bottle of shampoo for Pokémon. Today he had on shorts and a regular white shirt so he wouldn't get too wet and washing Eevee wouldn't be as hard. He knew washing a still partially wild Pokémon was not going to be a walk in the park at all. Pulling the single lone Poke Ball on the belt he brought with him he released his Eevee from within.
She of course didn't look all that happy to see him, but she didn't look as angry as she normally did. She looked up at him with those large brown eyes, her tail sweeping back and forth. She was just so adorable, sitting down there on those tiny brown paws. Philip turned the nozzle on the tub off when it was of good level for a Pokémon her size. He picked her up and was surprised to hear her not growl or feel her thrash. He set her down in the water which went up slightly past her paws. Philip took a cup on the rim of the tub and scooped up a bunch of water and poured it onto Eevee, who closed her eyes as the water cascaded down her back and her fur.
When her fur was soaked he squirted a small amount of shampoo onto his palm and applied it to her fur, covering it with the foamy bubbles. He scratched her skin through her fur, applying it deeper to get her cleaner. Eevee closed her eyes, and Philip wasn't sure or not, but he swore he heard her purr. He worked the shampoo into the fur of her head, keeping careful around her face and ears. When she was coated in the foam he scooped up more water and poured it down onto her fur washing the shampoo off. Her eyes were closed and her tail quickly whipped across the water, washing the shampoo from her tail fur for him.
Philip scratched behind her ear and she moved her head to the side to give him more access to that spot. She rolled onto her back and stretched her legs out, letting out little noises of…happiness.
Shocked by this Philip gratefully accepted anyway. Eevee was finally warming up to him, he couldn't believe it. He rubbed her soft stomach as she wiggled in the water, like she liked him her entire life. Philip continued to per her, chuckling happily to himself as he washed the rest of the water off her body. He continued until she was washed clean, then he pulled up the stop from the drain and let the water drain out. Unwrapping the towel he wrapped up the Pokémon and picked her up, holding her against his chest and drying her off. He kissed the top of her head and she snuggled against him.
"I guess you've warmed up to me now." Philip chuckled, hugging the wet Pokémon. "We're going to be very good friends."
Every night since they started to get along Philip would let Umbreon sleep in his bed with him, but recently she would sleep by the wall on the other side of the room, trying to keep herself away from him. Philip thought she was just going through some kind of phase in her life, with becoming an adult and everything, so he just let it slip.
Umbreon, however, was trying to keep herself from attacking him because she was in heat; her first cycle with the reaching of adulthood. She loved Philip yes, but if he didn't share he feelings she didn't want to make him do anything against his will. But after the first day she wasn't sure if she could last much longer; she would soon need the attention of a male.
Lying down against the wall, Umbreon lifted her head and looked at her master's bed in the darkness. Her body was burning from her and her. That day, four years ago, when he saved her from that mortal bite wound to her neck. He didn't have to save her but he did, and now here she was, a healthy, strong Pokémon. Philip was such a sweet boy…but he's a human, and she's a Pokémon; yet she couldn't help but feel this way for him.
"Philip is such a kind and compassionate boy…he saved my life, he gave me a home. I can't help but love him…" Another wave of pleasure, heat, and pain went through her, and she had to get rid of this. "I…I have to do this. I wouldn't…if I didn't love him."
Umbreon stood and approached Philip's bed. She jumped up onto the soft mattress, careful not to wake him up. The light of the moon poured in from the window behind the bed, and she could see Philip's body partially wrapped in the plain white sheets.
"Arceus…He sleeps naked…" Umbreon gasped, getting wetter in more ways than one. Only his waist - which was barely even concealed in the first place - and right leg were covered by the sheets. The rest of his naked body was exposed and seemed to glow in the moonlight. She looked to his bare, muscular left leg. Umbreon was still very nervous about initiating the…mating, but maybe she could get some, practice in and still feel closer to him, as well as feel some relieve from this blasted heat. The ebony Pokémon sniffed his skin before she stood over his leg, both sets of legs beside it. Lowering herself down on the appendage she rubbed her wet clit against it and moaned while the hairs rubbed and pleasured her. The female wrapped her forelegs around Philip's leg and bucked her hips against it, humping his leg like a male canine Pokémon.
Her juices spilled onto his skin as she continuously grinded herself down on his leg, her own naughty act turning her on. Umbreon could feel her dampness of his skin from the rapid flow. She felt Philip stir and she froze, but when he made no other noise or movement she continued her little act. She pushed herself further against his leg and humped faster, moaning loudly as the heat started to diminish, feeling satisfaction and love from this. Her forelegs tightened around his leg and she ground herself harder against the hard bone beneath the skin. She licked and bit at his leg, getting a little carried away with the humping. The heat rose and rose until it exploded into an orgasm and spilled onto Philip's leg, dripping down onto the bed sheets.
The force of the climax caused the trainer to stir again until he woke up. Feeling the weight and the several odd sensations on his skin and he looked up to see Umbreon straddled over and humping his leg.
"Umbreon?" Philip said, rubbing his eyes and looking at her in the pale light. "What are you doing girl?"
Umbreon knew she was in trouble. "Bre…Umbre…" The ebony Pokémon said nervously. Philip chuckled and sat up, picking his Pokémon up off his damp leg and cradled her in his arms, like he did when she was an Eevee. He stroked her chest and planted a kiss on her forehead.
"Don't be ashamed girl." Philip said. "I know you're going through your heat cycle." He sighed softly and moved his hand down her body.
"Umbreon? Bree umb reon?" Umbreon said upon seeing his hand go down.
"Umbreon, we've been companions for four years now. We've been trainer and Pokémon, with a very strong bond, for a long time." He held her closer, encasing her in a warm and gentle hug. "I love you Umbreon, and I want to do this for you…for us."
His hand went down between her hind legs and he poked the tip of his finger ever so gently inside her slit. Umbreon gasped and arched her back further; never had she had anything in her like this, and with the combination of her heat, it felt unbearably good. She whimpered and squirmed, struggling to get closer to him. Philip held her closer, the way a father holds his newborn child. The teenager slid his finger in her and rubbed her clit gently, careful to conserve her virginity. Umbreon tried to roll herself further into a ball as her trainer fingered her, burying her face in his taut chest, her eyes beginning to leak tears.
"Shh…." Philip whispered to her. "Everything's okay baby." The teen remembered back to when he first found her on Route 38, when he found her injured, took her in and tended to her; how she was hostile towards him at first but the bath he gave her softened her spirit up, and how a year ago she finally evolved. His Eevee evolved into an Umbreon, a creature of the night, and a sign of her happiness with him. The happiness was mutual of course; Philip never had a girlfriend, because he was afraid his feeling would be swayed away from her, his true love. And here she was in his arms in her heat cycle, ready for him to make love to her.
Umbreon shook as Philip added another finger to her, thrusting in up to the knuckle. She clenched her blood red eyes shut and the yellow rings on her body glowed constantly. Kissing the top of her head he felt the warmth of her body, and she felt his. Umbreon looked up at her master, his silhouette dark against the moonlight; the moon was shining directly into the bedroom.
"Umbree…Bree bree breon…" the Dark Pokémon moaned, relaxing her muscles and letting her trainer take her away with his fingers. Philip could feel his member poking up against the soft sheet, tenting over it. Umbreon whimpered as she kept crying tears of pleasure and joy, Philip's two flingers gliding through her small Pokémon slit. Her ears twitched as she softly thrust her hips upward to take in as much of his fingers as she could, her walls tightening around them as the juice flow got larger.
"U…Umbr-r-reon…b-breeon…!" Umbreon moaned, giving Philip the indication that she was going to climax. Philip held his fingers in as he felt her clamp around him and she released up onto him, quivering as she felt her first orgasm. She panted in recovery and the boy kept holding her. Sitting up on his knees he turned towards the window and set his ebony furred beauty down on the bed, her forepaws on his pillow. Even in the darkness he could see the faintest color of pink amongst her black fur; he could even see her liquid dripping from her lips onto the bed sheets. Philip breathed nervously, this being his first time, and as well as hers. Umbreon looked back at him then propped her paws on the short window sill. She wagged her tail back and forth, giving him a very innocent look.
"Bree breon?" she said, waiting for him but still scared. The teenage trainer rubbed the back of her neck making her close her eyes and moan. His leg still wrapped in the sheet he got closer to her until his stomach was pressed against her back but his length was just barely pressed to her slit. Umbreon shook in front of him, afraid of the pain she would experience at first. Philip rubbed her neck and lovingly kissed the top of her head.
"It's okay sweetheart. Please don't be afraid. I won't let it hurt too much." He said sympathetically. He opened the window and let the cool air waft in. Holding Umbreon's paw with his hand, he held her stomach with his other hand he slowly pushed against her. She wasn't a small Pokémon, but he hoped she could take his size. Umbreon gritted her teeth and sucked in a fast breath as she felt the tip enter her, and she felt a sudden sharp pain as he penetrated further the pain making her cry out.
Philip kissed the top of her head, rubbing her stomach and squeezing her paw. He hoped she could get adjusted soon. He thrust slowly to help her, listening to her tiny moans of pain and pleasure. Her tail wagged slowly beside him, hitting against his skin. Her fur was so soft against his body and he held her closer as he went a little bit faster.
"Umbreon…B…b-breebreon…" the ebony Eeveelution gasped softly, feeling pleasure rip through her heat and bringing her relief from the agonizing heat. She could feel a soft blush coming across her face as she felt Philip's hard member brush against her nerves and she thrust back against him, her hips rocking against his and taking more in.
Philip couldn't even begin to describe what he was feeling. This was something he'd never thought he would ever do, as long as he lived; he took his Pokémon's virginity. As he watched her rings glow brightly, he ran his palm across her stomach, feeling her soft black fur. The Pokémon that he felt so much love for all these years, was actually, finally, his. He could feel her clutch his member like a fleshy vice grip, her heat seething deep into his skin. He realized that with the window open somebody is going to hear them; but did it matter? The world was going to realize that people and Pokémon can love each other this way.
Umbreon lowered her head and moaned softly, repeating Philip's name in her language. His firm body pressed against hers and she was reminded of how strong he was. She could feel her juice leaking from her and pooling beneath her feet as it soaked into the sheets. Slowly but steadily, they were able to find a rhythm they were happy with; Philip would pull out slowly up to the tip, then push back in again, even making her yip a few times. When she found his pace she timed herself with him and raised her hindquarters up to meet him, finding each other in mutual movements.
The teenager could hear Umbreon's voice echoing out into the open air of Ecruteak, slowly drowning out into the space ahead. For Umbreon everything melted away like paint caught in the rain. The only thing that seemed to play a part was the boy who was mating with her. Everything felt heavenly, a never ending, blissful experience on cloud nine, which slowly but surely only got better as time went on. Umbreon could feel the tension and the pleasure beginning to mount. Philip gasped as he felt her walls squeeze his hard length tighter, and he could tell she was getting close.
"Umbreon, I can…feel you…" he began to trail off as his own pleasure got higher, and he held her against him to be with her when she climaxes. "Let it go sweetheart. L-Let it out…"
Hearing the sound of his voice excited her, and she just let off all the pressure she was holding, and spilled onto Philip, the liquid soaking into the sheets. Philip pulled out of her and picked her up, flipping her over onto her back and laying her down on the head, her head against his pillow. Slipping his hand behind her back he rubbed her soft stomach gently, leaning down and kissing it gently. He lifted her up off her back and kissed her chest, licking her fur every now and again. Umbreon could feel her womanhood throb again as it begged for her trainer. Philip rubbed her cheek as his kisses traveled to her mouth, where they shared their first kiss. He stared into her gentle eyes, those pools of red that he knew he would always get lost in. Umbreon set her paws on his shoulders as they kissed, their tongues rubbing against each other, fighting for dominance but not putting up much of a fight. Every caressing, each rubbing of her body, was loving, touching her gently like a precious gem that should never have been touched by imperfect hands.
Philip's hand squeezed her chest and she gasped as she felt her reaction, which more flowing. He ran his hand up and down her tall right ear and she stared at him, wondering how much more loving he could possibly be.
"I love you princess…" he whispered to her, before kissing her again. "I love you."
Philip sat up and gently grabbed her sides, guiding her between his legs with the backs of her legs pressing against his groin, re-entering her in the process. She stared up at him, happy to see him while they had sex. Philip put his hand at her right shoulder, touching her stomach with his other. He pumped into her steadily while he scratched her stomach. Umbreon moaned loudly and continued staring at him. Philip looked at his beautiful Pokémon, how she appeared in the moonlight, her yellow rings glowing brightly. Her forelegs extended in front of her, like she was trying to reach for him.
The boy moved his hands to her hips and guided her with his thrusts, making her moan and yip louder. Her head rubbed up and down the pillow with his thrusts and Umbreon felt at peace with these spectacular sensations. She just wished she could tell him, in his language, how much she loved this, and how much she loved him. The trainer grunted as he felt the orgasm he denied himself earlier come up again, making his member ache slightly. His skilled thrusts were able to hit the most sensitive parts in her body making her see light; she could barely comprehend what was happening as a third climax was coming quickly, racing towards her opening and adding heat like a speeding locomotive on fire.
When she felt the tip of his shaft stab her g-spot she whimpered loudly as she started to ejaculate against her will. The sheets below them smelled strongly of bodily fluid and Philip knew he would have to wash them before his mom found out. Umbreon's mouth hung open in delighted gasps, then her orgasm hit her unexpectedly.
"R-Reon!" Umbreon cried, her body shuddering as her walls clamped and convulsed madly as she came onto her master, coating him with her liquid. His crotch and stomach shined with the glistening fluid that she just released on him and now it was only a matter of time before he could finish his. He thrust faster and faster making Umbreon yip and yowl as he pounded on her to finish the job. One final thrust did it and he spurted his semen into Umbreon's crevasse, marking them as mates. Umbreon's back arched as she felt his hot seed flow quickly into her they stay firmly in place.
Philip pulled from Umbreon's spent clit and collapsed beside her, everything now just beginning to wash over him. He'd taken his Pokémon's virginity, and made her his mate. But did it really matter, after all, what people would think? No. Not one bit. He loved her, and she loved him. Philip turned to his Pokémon and put his arm over her, holding the ebony Pokémon close to him. Pulling the covers up over them, the brunette kissed her on her muzzle and rubbed the side of her head.
Her heat may have been satisfied, for now, but it caused a new love to be found between them and that made her all the more thankful for it. She took in his human, almost otherworldly smell, loving how familiar it was to her. It made her feel at home, that she was loved. She drifted off to a peaceful sleep, bathed in the moonlight, and Philip soon followed afterwards.
The moon continued to bathe them in its light, the glowing white sphere which changed Eevee's shape, and fixing their destiny together.
It was winter. Mt. Cornet was always covered with thick snow during this time of the year. During this time many Pokémon, namely the bug Pokémon, would go into hibernation. Pokémon would take refuge in their dens to stay sheltered from the cold and searing winds, cuddling next to their mate and pups before drifting into a nice relaxing sleep.
Shade wanted that; a place to call home. And maybe even a mate and babies would be nice.
He hadn't spent a lot of time looking, but he couldn't seem to find the right one. Sure there were many pretty female Eeveelutions he'd come across, but he wasn't looking for just an attractive female; he was looking for someone that he could enjoy spending time with, someone he would look forward to waking up in the morning next to every night he went to sleep, and someone he could raise an Eevee or two with.
His ebony black paws sunk into the pure white snow. It was cold of course but he could handle it; he'd been around snow his entire life. He was glad he wasn't from Orre otherwise he would have a harder time living in this region. Shade looked up at the mountain. The snow caps were deep white like the rest of the ground, coating it like a finely knitted blanket. Folding his ears against his head the golden rings on his body lit up brightly as he shivered from a sudden rush of cold air that swept across the landscape. Taking a deep cold breath he continued his trek across the base of the mountain.
Shade continued walking until he found a ridge. It was narrow and curled around the mountain in several heights and directions. Normally in these kinds of weather conditions he would stay away from paths like this, but as far as he could see this was the only other path to the other side or a different part of the mountain, so he decided to continue on towards it.
Walking along the ridge he looked over the edge to see the ground far below. He wasn't afraid of heights, for the most part at least, but to spare himself any further fear he looked away from the edge and focused on the pathway in front of him.
"Geez it's so cold." Shade thought as another cold rush went down his spine, tickling his skin through his short black fur. "It's never been…t-this cold before. Look at me it's so cold I'm even shivering in my thoughts." Shade was now almost halfway across this part of the ridge before it made a winding turn around a corner to another side of the mountain. He looked out at the land over the ridge; everything was white, snow white. The trees out in the distance that were covered in snow, the green of the pine trees could still be seen even from this distance. If you were looking up at the mountain you would see the single black speck that was Shade standing out against the grey and white of Mt. Cornet.
Shade prepared to turn the corner when he heard an unusual sound, that sounded like a small blast followed by the sound of a heavy body landing in the snow. The edge of the mountain above Shade was low enough where he could see the top of the mountain and several dozen feet below. The noise was coming from two Abomasnow, having an anything than friendly sparing round. Deep drag marks covered the ground around them, caused by the bodies of the heavy Pokémon throwing each other across the mountain. The Abomasnow who was thrown quickly got up from its spot in the snow and goes back to fighting with its opponent. The sounds and the vibrations of fighting made some of the snow along the end of the ridge and the edge above Shade shake from their resting spot and land to the ground below.
Shade knows this will end up very badly, with an avalanche. The Umbreon immediately became scared out of his whits and knew one thing: he had to get off this mountain as fast as he could.
He immediately abandoned his stationary position and took a mad sprint around the corner of the mountain where the ridge went into a single straight path. Shade was a fast runner so hopefully he could make it before the Abomasnow got too out of control. He ran at his top speed and, looking back up at the mountain, to his horror he saw three more Abomasnow join the other two. Shade's heart plummeted down to his stomach and his body grew weak. An avalanche was now the only way this trek would end. The noises of fighting and bodies slamming together in the fighting became louder and Shade could hear the Pokémon yelling at the top of their lungs.
One of the Abomasnow, after recovering from an attack from the others, lifted its arm and the end began to glow a light blue. Using its Wood Hammer attack, it launched itself into the air and came down upon the opponent who attacked it. Within a fraction of a second the Abomasnow rolled out of the way and the other slammed its hand into the ground, causing a major shockwave through the earth. The wave made Shade stop dead in his tracks followed by silence. Nothing; nothing but deadening silence.
Shade's ears perked as he heard something that sounded like rumbling. He looked up at the sky. The sky was clear so it was not thunder…There could only be one explanation for the sound. He slowly looked to his right, hoping that he would not be right. From the summit of the mountain he could see coming down, a mound of snow, so large that his view of the sun was blocked. The avalanche was coming down rapidly, a powder avalanche. It was coming down so quickly that it covered several of the Abamosnows were covered in and encased in the snow. Shade knew one thing at that moment, and one thing alone:
He had to get the hell out of there, and fast.
He didn't know what happened next but he found himself running faster than he ever ran before, his Umbreon legs carrying him to beat the avalanche before it reached his ridge. The rumbling of the rushing snowfall got even louder, entombing the remaining Abamosnows. Shade's eyes widened as he realized no matter how fast he ran, the avalanche was going to beat him before he got off this ridge. The powder snow was getting even louder as was his heart rate. His body was sprayed with a mist, a mist filled with sharp, stabbing ice crystals that stuck in his ebony fur. The end of the ridge got even closer and closer and he thought he would make it, until he felt a cold hard slap on the side of his body, followed by the feeling of being pushed off his feet and off the ridge, the sensation of the powdered snow overcoming his sight and his body.
Then everything went black.
When he came to Shade found himself surrounded with snow. Immediately he started to panic and shook his body around, only to knock the powder off his body and he could see his surroundings. The avalanche only buried him near the surface of the snow; luckily he wasn't deep enough where the snow could settle and he would be trapped indefinitely. Shaking the rest of the powder from his body he regained his state-of-mind and looked around to see where he was. He was standing on a sea of snow covering the trees to the tops.
Wait, trees?
Mt. Cornet was several hundred feet away and he was out further near the base of the mountain. His fur was short and after being covered by the snow, he was cold, and he needed to find shelter before nightfall, or he would be really cold. Taking cautious steps he had to be very careful of where he walked; if he was standing on the base of the mountain the snow would be weak in certain, and today was not the day he wanted to deal with a broken hind leg.
Folding his tall ears against his head as well as he could his skin crawled as the wind blew across his back making him shiver. His paws sunk into the snow a few inches but he seemed to be safe. All around him was the sea of snow and he didn't really know where in the world he was, though he could see part of the ridge he was swept off of; at least the parts that weren't buried with snow. The only plausible option was to head back towards the mountain and try to get to the other side, via a different path, and find some kind of shelter.
The ground suddenly felt weak under his paws and his mind told him he needed to walk elsewhere, but first he decided to test the snow. Taking another step he realized he made a huge mistake when he felt the snow collapse and gravity pulled him down with it. The mountain dropped out of his sight and he found himself tumbling down and forwards. He fell with the snow and he could not hear anything as his mind went black and he continued falling into the pit that was hidden beneath the snow.
He was taken by surprise at how shallow the pit was when he abruptly landed on his back and all the wind was knocked right out of his lungs. Snow fell on his face and stomach and his body sang with pain. He gritted his teeth and struggled to his stomach then stood up on shaky legs; he was surprised the fall hadn't broken his back. He looked up at the hole he fell through, the bright light making him close one eye. The hole was at least twenty feet above him, eliminating the possibility of getting out that way. Looking around the pit he found himself in what looked like a cave. The walls were rounded with the ceiling and extended into the back, a while back, so this must be a cave. In the other direction, however, there was a large pile of snow that piled in from the outside, blocking what appeared to be the entrance to the cave.
"Crap!" Shade said to himself, cursing in his mind. "The entrance is blocked. He looked back to the rest of the cave. "Looks like I'm going to be here for a while, so maybe I should do a little exploring."
Shade looked around at the back of the cave, the light pouring in from the hole in the ceiling lighting up the cave. The temperature was warmer in here at that made the Umbreon happy. The stone walls were of course grey and there were rocks littering the ground here and there. Shade stood in his spot and sighed, then stretched his body forwards and backwards, cracking the aching bones in his body, especially his back; that avalanche and that little spill down the hole he fell down did quite a number on him. In the back of the cave the path forked into two separate paths, and he took the one to the left. Once he was down the path, he spun in place a few times he laid down beside a rock and closed his eyes to take a nice nap. But he wouldn't get the chance because he smelled something. His eyes shot open and he jumped to his feet, smelling the air more carefully. It smelled like a mixture of Pokémon…and blood.
He ran down to the other path that forked from the entrance and he found the source of the smell down the other path; it both shocked and surprised him. Lying in the middle of the floor was an Espeon, and by the shape of the body he could see it was a female. The thing that shocked him, which he saw as the source of the smell, was her broken right foreleg, a small pool of blood around it. She appeared to be unconscious.
Shade approached and smelled her body. The broken foreleg concerned him and he needed to tend to it right away. He touched it with this paw, feeling for a broken bone. He felt around a little until he felt an out of place bone jutting slightly from the skin. He swallowed and started to sweat. He'd never set a broken bone before. He pulled the broken spot into his mouth and put his paw on it and shifted it around, trying to move the bone back into place. He could taste her blood in his mouth, and he didn't like the salty taste but he could refrain from stopping and spitting the blood out until he tended to her broken bone.
The fractured bone ends scraped against each other until he felt them fit into place, then gently let go so he didn't accidentally pull it out of place. He found a pile of snow by the corner of the cave. Shuffling the snow to her he covered her broken foreleg in the snow to help set the fracture and to stop the bleeding. Hopefully she would be asleep long enough for the wound to heal. Though he wanted to lay next to her for warmth, it would be very hard to explain his presence if she woke up and found him next to her, so he decided to sleep next to the wall across from her. Scrunching down to keep himself warm he lie against the wall and fell asleep to rest his own sore muscles.
The world in front of Shine's eyes began to come back to her. She was in the same place she was in when she fell unconscious, but her right foreleg felt very cold. The reason was, as she saw, because her foreleg was covered in snow, the base of the pile a light red from the blood it soaked up. She moved her leg carefully from the snow pile and inspected it, touched it, smelled the remaining blood that wasn't soaked up from her fur. She bent her leg and she felt only a small amount of pain. Shine was very confused. Where did the pile of snow come from and how did her foreleg get better?
She looked and saw the Umbreon sleeping against the wall. He wasn't there before….maybe he got here because of the avalanche? Did he fix her foreleg? She stood, her leg shaking from the pain and the healing process. She took a step towards him but limped when she stepped on her injured leg. Holding it up she hobbled to him and laid down in front of the Umbreon. He didn't look mean or anything like that. She tilted her head to the side, then lifted up her good paw and swatted the Umbreon in the face.
Shade woke up abruptly at the sudden disruption of his nap. "Ow!" he yelled, shocked by what just happened. Shade shook the feeling off and saw the Espeon laying down in front of him, looking at him curiously. He rubbed his face with his paw. "Oh...I'm glad to see you're up and okay." His only reply from her was another swat to the face.
"Hey! Why do you keep doing that?" Shade shouted, rubbing his face again.
"Keep your voice down," Shine said firmly. "Who are you?"
"My name is Shade. What's your name?"
Shine shook her head. "Before I tell you my name, please tell me this: did you fix my leg?" Shade looked at her foreleg and saw that it was doing better than when he first found her.
"Yes I fixed your leg. I found you unconscious in this cave and I tended to your wound."
Shine rubbed her foreleg with her paw. "Thank you Shade, that was very kind of you. My name is Shine."
Shine; a very fitting name. Shade liked it. "It was no problem Shine. It was the only and the right thing to do." Shade sat up which Shine did too.
"So how did you get down here?" the Umbreon said.
The Espeon sighed. "I was traveling with my trainer and…"
"You have a trainer?" Shade suddenly blurted out, cutting her off.
"Y-Yeah…" she nodded.
"Must be nice…" Shade said. "Anyway, I'm sorry. Please continue."
"I was traveling with my trainer around this mountain, when all of a sudden we felt this massive vibration and this powder snow avalanche came down from the mountain." Shine closed her eyes, recalling what happened. "The avalanche came down on us so quickly; I barely remember what happened after that moment. All I remember is being surrounded by snow, unable to see or hear anything. Then I remember hitting something hard and pain shot through my foreleg. That's the last thing I remembered before I blacked out."
Shine took a deep breath before continuing. "When I woke up I found myself in this cave half buried in the snow that blocks the entrance. The first thing I noticed was my leg was broken, bleeding, and it hurt like hell. I only made it further into the cave when I no longer had the energy to walk, so I just collapsed and fell asleep where you found me. How did you end up in here?"
Shade told her how he was walking alone the ridge of the mountain when the Abamosnow caused the avalanche, and how he stumbled into the cave before finding her.
"Wow, bad luck huh?" Shine said. "So you're a wild Pokémon?" Shad nodded. "I've never personally talked to a wild Pokémon before. What's it like living out here?"
"Well, it's a lot harder than you think. Out here you have to hunt for your food; water is somewhat easier to find. You have to constantly worry about becoming another Pokémon's food, but the hardest part is finding both a home and a mate."
Shine cocked her head. "Do you have a mate?"
Shade swallowed and shook his head. "No. T-That's actually why I was out here in the first place."
"Well maybe you'll find the right girl," Shine said supportively. "Maybe a nice Flareon or Vaporeon."
"Yeah…m-maybe." Shade stammered. In actuality he preferred Espeon but he wasn't going to tell her that. "So what's it like living with your trainer and what's he like?"
"My trainer? He's a bit…unusual, for a teenage boy. His name's Wes. We came here from the region of Orre to do some winter training to get my body more adjusted to the cold if we ever came across an ice Pokémon. At times he's stern, a bit strict, and even emotionless, but I know he means well and that he cares for me. But like all Pokémon who are owned by a trainer, I know I'm spoiled."
"You don't seem spoiled to me," Shade said. "You're very nice."
Shine smiled. "That's very sweet. Thank you." the Espeon yawned, still tired from her little ordeal. Then her stomach growled.
"I bet you're hungry," Shade laughed. "Let me go see if I can find us something to eat." As Shine lay down on her side Shade went out to the other path of the fork, where the rest of the cave went deeper. There was less light in this part of the cave but being a creature of the night, he had good vision for seeing in the dark. Against the wall he could see a tiny bush with Oran Berries growing from it. Picking two sprigs, one for him and one for Shine, he went back to where the Espeon was to find her fast asleep. Shade chuckled to himself and set Shine's sprig in front of her so she could eat when she woke up. Lying down by his side of the wall he ate his Oran Berries before he went to sleep.
Shine woke up and saw the Oran Berries lying in front of her. She looked at the sleeping Umbreon and smiled. She was pretty hungry and devoured the berries in a few bites. She stood up and stretched her legs; her right leg still hurt a little but it was getting better. She couldn't explain it but it felt like something was burning on her insides. Going to the front of the cave she saw that the snow blocking the mouth of the cave was melting, half of it already gone. How long were they asleep?
"I hope Wes is okay…" She thought. "I wonder if he's still looking for me..." Unexpectedly Shine felt a tightening in her lower region followed by an intense burning sensation that made her gasp. Her walls tightened and she felt very wet. "Oh no," Shine said aloud. "It's that time…I'm going into heat."
Pokémon each have their own season for when they go into heat; for Shine it's the winter. This wasn't her first heat but the Espeon was still a virgin. She was Wes's only Pokémon and he made sure to keep her away from other Pokémon, especially wild ones. What worried her, however, was she knew she would not be able to hide this from Shade; he would pick up her smell before he even said hello to her.
She felt herself contract again and the smell she emitted was so clear that any male would be driven mad. With Shade here she couldn't relieve herself of the heat. She could ask him to help her but they just met! It would be awkward to ask him to have sex with her a day after they met. Shine laid down and pressed her tail against her hindquarters, trying to conceal as much of the smell as she could.
"Good morning Shine," Shade yawned as he emerged from the back of the cave. "Did you sleep well?"
Shine nodded. "Yeah pretty good. How about you?"
"Can't complain." Shade said, lying against the wall across from her.
"Thanks for bringing me the berries. It was very sweet." Shine said.
"Shade shook his head. "It was no problem." Shade replied taking a deep breath of the sweet cave air. Wait a minute, caves aren't supposed to smell sweet. He smelled again. The smell was very odd. "Do you smell that?"
Shine caught her breath. He already smelled her heat! She shifted on her feet and pressed herself against the wall. "N-No, I don't smell anything."
Shade looked at her, a little suspicious of her. How could she not smell that? The odor was wafting from his leg, coming…from her. Shine was producing the smell. Shade's heart rate quickened and he felt himself starting to sweat. He recognized the smell, from when his mother was going through her…heat. Shine was going into heat.
Honestly, he didn't know what to do or how to react. Shade had never mated before; he didn't know if he could help her if she wanted it from him, or attacked him and forced him to mate with her. He decided not to say anything about it, but Shade found it very hard to remain calm and ignore it.
The heat was driving her mad, her body begging for sex. She had to do something about this. Shine carefully moved her tail across the surface of her slit, causing a thick flow of liquid to come out. Shine clenched her eyes and moaned softly. She was very sensitive to any sensual touch of any and combined with the heat, it sent a wave of pleasure through her.
"Shine are you okay?" Shade said nervously. The smell grew stronger and he was getting an erection.
Shine stopped. "I'm…fine. I'm okay." She lied. She couldn't do that in front of the male Umbreon. She would have to wait until the snow was melted from the entrance and Shade left for a while, and she would have some privacy.
The next day, Shade smiled as he stood in front of the cave's gaping hole. Only a small pile of the once massive mound was left, and they could finally leave. Well Shade could leave, but he didn't want to leave Shine until her trainer found her, if he was still looking for her.
He'd been able to ignore Shine's heat as much as he could, but it was getting harder to control himself. He couldn't imagine the agony she was going through, and now the smell was thicker than before.
"Shade?" Shine said from behind him. "I'm hungry. Could you go out and see if you can find us something to eat?"
"What happened to the Oran Berry bush?" he said.
"The berries frosted over from the cold." Shine lied, desperate for Shade to take the bait.
"…Sure, I'll go find something." Shade said, suspicious of her as usual. Shine watched as he left the cave for the first time in three days.
When Shade disappeared out of sight Shine immediately got comfortable and lowered her body down and lifted her hindquarters in the air. She took the tip of her dual-ended tail and easily slid one of ends into her clit. Shine shuddered over and over until she came spilling onto the dirt floor. Her tail was soaked already. The Espeon panted as she worked her tail in and out, moaning from the pleasure and the relief from the pain. Being so sensitive her juices flowed quickly in an almost never-ending stream. Shine stuck her tongue out as she shoved her tail in deeper giving her a mini orgasm, trickling down the back of her legs. Adding the other end of the tail to her the orgasm came again twofold as her lips were stretched open. She manipulated her tail with swift precision, making herself orgasm again. Shine moaned loudly as the cold air made contact with her hot and swollen clit, becoming oblivious to her surroundings.
Shade shivered, his breath steaming in front of him. How did Shine expect him to find food outside this time of the year? The Oran Berries couldn't have frosted over, they were just fine before. Shine sure was acting weird…
Walking over the small hill into the cave, when he saw something he would never forget. Shine was masturbating, using her tail as an imitation Pokémon cock. Her body, covered with sweat, her legs shining with her ejaculate, and her face screwed up in a pleasured almost delirious look. Shade's heart beat went up again. He was speechless. That's when he quickly jumped to the side of the cave, and continued to watch that way. He knew he shouldn't watch her pleasuring herself, but…part of him could not…resist.
Shine thrust herself up against her tail, moaning so loudly, combined with the echo it was even louder. Her heat must have been driving her crazy, and that's why she sent him out, Shade reasoned. But he wondered why she was cumming so much? There was already a pool beneath her feet. Shine took a step forward on her hind paw, making a splashing sound on the ground. Was it even possible for a female to release so much of that stuff? Shine made rough grunting sounds as she pummeled her own body with her tail. How much more of that pleasuring could she take? Shade could see the dripping from between her legs; the liquid was thin and clear and she was producing it like a factory, the smell that came with it was nice and thick, and very sweet smelling. The scent of her heat was even stronger than it was before or when Shade had previously smelled it, and it caused a chain reaction in Shade's mind and it made him throb harder. The Umbreon unconsciously thrust his hips forward without even noticing that he was even doing it.
Shine opened her eyes and she was seeing double. Her wet hind legs quivered and ached, barely able to keep her up. Quickly ripping her tail out of her she cried in pleasure as another major orgasm shook her whole body and she collapsed onto the ground, breathing heavily. Shade watched her just lying there, barely moving. He took a deep breath and stepped into the cave.
"Shine?" Shade said weakly.
The Espeon froze. Shade was standing there in the cave, staring at her. There was an awkward silence; neither said anything. Shine was caught in the aftermath of her ecstatic pleasure.
"What are you…doing back so soon?" Shine said meekly, trying to stand to her feet, a blush of embarrassment coming across her cheeks.
"I couldn't find any food." Shade said.
"Shade I…this is very embarrassing."
"Don't feel that way." Shade said. "I know you're heat has been driving you mad.
Shine nodded. Of course, Shade knew about it. How could he not after all. "It's been painful; grueling, so very grueling. I couldn't do anything to relieve it while you were here. That's why I sent you away."
Shade nodded then sat down. "Please don't get mad at me, but I was watching you…pleasure yourself."
Shine looked up, her blush growing redder. "You were what?" she exclaimed, but she stopped when her eyes landed on the dark pink appendage against his black body.
"…What's wrong?" Shad said. Shine felt herself getting wetter.
"Looks like you brought a little friend with you," Shine giggled. Shade snapped his legs shut. She giggled again. "I guess my pleasuring aroused you."
He swallowed. "Shine?"
The psychic Pokémon rolled onto her back. "Shade, this is kind of sudden, but it's a big favor. Can you…mate with me?"
Shade almost failed to suppress his gasp. "Shine! You…I…but you…"
"This heat burns very badly," Shine whimpered. "I like you Shade. You're the only male I know that I will allow to touch me."
Shade was not expecting this. He was expecting to get a smack in the face for spying on her; but instead she was asking him to mate her? She liked him….She…liked him.
"You like me Shine?" Shade asked.
"Besides Wes you're the only friend I've ever had. You said you wanted a mate right? In return for helping me, with this and my foreleg, I will be your mate."
This was the first offer Shade actually got from a female. How could he refuse, especially from her? If Shine was willing to do this, he could fully comply. He approached the Espeon and she tensed her body up. Shade sniffed her body slowly taking in her scent, sniffing her face. She stared into his eyes, and he stared into hers. She was the most beautiful Espeon he'd ever seen; her face, nicely and perfectly sculpted by Arceus himself, beautiful bright pink fur that he knew would be very soft to the touch, and those eyes, those large blue eyes that reflected an almost child-like innocence. These he'd never been able to fully take in before this moment. He licked her cheek slowly, feeling her soft and plushy under his tongue. He felt wet and soft against her face and she closed her eyes, becoming aroused from the simple act. Shade kneaded her broad chest with his paw; Shine shivered and winced as another climax traveled out of her swollen orifice.
Shade was amazed. She came already! His tongue slowly moved to the corner of her mouth. She breathed lightly as this was the first "attention" she ever received from a male, let alone a handsome Umbreon. His mouth played against hers, licking her muzzle and biting it ever so gently. Shine's sensitivity to his sensual touching made her ecstatic and she cried as another release came onto her.
"Geez, she's cum twice already and I haven't even touched her vagina yet! I must be really good at this!" Shade thought excitedly.
Shine let the male take control of her mouth and she felt him press her lips against hers. This was the first kiss for both of them. Their eyes locked and they never broke the gaze, for the moment anyway. Pressing his tongue against her lips and teeth he request entry, which she gratefully permitted to him. Shade slowly slid his tongue into her cavernous mouth, feeling every inch of her as he delved in, then touching the top of her tongue rubbing the slimy organ. A low purring sound came from Shine's throat and she touched the sides of his shoulders. She allowed him to explore her without any interruption or interference.
The blush on Shine's face got deeper when she saw the now red appendage hanging down from between Shade's hind legs. It was thick and covered with veins, with a rounded knot at the base. He was just as aroused as she was. Shade disconnected from her and traced kisses across her neck and she leaked even more.
"Mmmm…" Shine murred softly. Shade let out a slight breathing sound. His licking made her neck wet soaking down into the skin. The Umbreon bit down gently into her neck causing her to whimper helplessly. The pink fur was drenched with the male's saliva, from his bites, licks, and sucking on her neck. Shine's hind legs began to quiver as Shade moved his muzzle down to her chest, continuing his oral assault on that area. His paw rubbed her chest, poking her with his claws. The pool beneath the female grew larger.
"Ahhh…urk…S-Shade…" Shine murmured pawing at Shade's tall cylindrical ears.
"Shhh…" He whispered in between his licking. Shine leaned her head back against the dirt and gasped for air. "Let me take care of you…"
He continued to voyage down her body all he could see was her pink fur. He muzzled her lovingly with his muzzle making her purr loudly. His mouth continued to her hind legs, massaging the insides. Shine groaned and leaked heavily on the brink of another orgasm. She could feel his head move away from her legs and he went downwards, to the last place he still hadn't visited.
"Shade, you…not there pl – aaaah!" Shine let out a loud noise. Her breathing regressed to a breath so light she felt light she wasn't at all. Shade used the tips of his teeth to scrape her swelled sex and parted her lips with his tongue alone, the contact causing her to blast her river onto his mouth. took in her sweet taste; it was the sweetest thing he ever tasted Stroking her nerves with his tongue her back arched and her body spasmed, her eyes screwed shut and breathing through her teeth. At this moment all he was focused on was pleasuring Shine and making her feel good, and based on her body movements and her facial expressions he was doing it right.
"Ahhh! Ohhh! Shade!" The Espeon started, her face flushing as his tongue rubbed her tightening walls in an almost lust-filled way. "Mmm…so good….ah…"
Shade smiled as he continued driving his tongue deeper and deeper in until he would feel every bit of her that he could. He wanted to taste this beautiful Espeon and make her feel good. Shine could not take it anymore; her walls tightened on his tongue, pressing down hard as she erupted onto his mouth, flowing in and filling his taste buds. Shade tasted so much of the liquid at once that it literally aroused him.
"Are you…ready for me Shine?" Shade said nervously.
Shine looked up at him. Her mind was fogged with…she couldn't describe what it was. Lust? No, that was not it at all. Love? Maybe… But at this moment as she stared at his handsome form, she wanted nothing more than to do this. Rolling over onto her legs she crouched down and lifted her hindquarters into the air, moving her tail to the side, the whole time breathing lightly. She could feel her heart racing through her whole body. She purred deeply, her mindset focused on Shade.
The Umbreon touched her side with his paw before he lifted himself up and rested his body down on top of hers. The pressure he applied to her back caused her legs and her lips to spread apart. Shade felt another deluge splash at his feet. He started to become very nervous; he was mounted on her; she looked back at him, her eyes filled with fear. Shade thrust his hips forward trying to find her entrance. Planting his feet directly behind hers Shade slowly pressed himself against her. Shine caught her breath as she felt him enter her, and then she felt a sharp sting of pain. He'd broken through her barrier.
"Ahh!" Shine cried. Now this, Shine could not describe. It felt like a hot needle had been stabbed into her. Shade held her closer with his forepaws and closed his eyes, panting from the loss of both of their virginities. The agonizing moments passed with nothing down as the both of them panted trying to get a hold on all the emotions they were feeling. Shade bit into the fur on her back before he thrust himself forward. Shine gasped and dug her claws into the dirt.
Shade let out a short breath as he thrust into the Espeon beneath him. Her slit tightened around him as she had another orgasm draining it onto their legs and the ground. Her walls loosened around him and he was allowed to continue. Shine lowered her head down between her forelegs and began to drool from the corner of her mouth, her body vibrating with her purring. Getting into a slow and steady rhythm Shade pumped into Shine pressing her light pink body with his dark ebony body.
"Oh…Shade…" Shine moaned, clawing at the dirt with her extended claws. She found that she was unable to really say anything else. This was the best feeling she ever experienced in her life. Their organs fit together perfectly, like pieces of a puzzle. Shade did not increase his thrust rate to anything fast; he was not out for himself. He would go until he was unable to hold it.
Everything around the two Eeveelutions, especially Shine, was melting, the colors of the cave dripping down the canvas of the universe. Her chest heated up along with every muscle in her body. This was what her heat had been begging for; to feel Shade's shaft inside her. Shine thrust herself back at the male to meet his slow and well-timed thrusts, sending him deeper. Breathing through her open mouth, Shine looked back at Shade. His eyes were clenched shut with his tongue drooping from the front of his mouth, barely resting on her pink fur; the saliva ran down the front and sides of her back mixing with the sweat of her body.
Their hind legs were a wet mess of vaginal fluid, and so many different smells covered them it was impossible to tell what smell was theirs and who released it. Shine let out a loud, drawn-out, and shaky sigh as she released onto Shade, feeling even more relief from her agonizing heat. Shade could hold it; he felt a lot of pleasure but he wasn't near his climax yet.
"Shade….ahhhh…" Shine purred, licking her lips. Trying to spread her legs further apart to give him more access, she backed up and pressed herself back against the Umbreon. Shade sucked in his breath as he felt the muscles of her clitoris give his member three hard squeezes before she came again. All he could smell was her; her essence. It was a magnificent smell that he was more than positive he would not be able to get enough of.
Sweat dribbled down Shine's face trying to get through her eyelids. The sweat dripped down the backs of her large ears; her entire body was sweating, Shade's body was sweating. They both shared in their reactions to the ecstasy. Shade's thrusting stayed at its steady tempo, pulling halfway out before he would push back inside; Shine would thrust herself up every time he did this.
Shade did so many – a few really – but in Shine's mind he did so many things for her; he'd tended to her broken foreleg when she was separated from Wes, he'd given her food to eat when she was hungry, and he had been a friend to her. And now here he was, making love to her, in the most loving and gentle way; he didn't seem to be seeking his own orgasm, but helping her reach her own. It made her love him, for all this.
Shine's chest heaved and burned as her womanhood tightened again. Her hind legs shook and her muscles began to lock up. She felt her stomach tightening with her engorged slit. She panted and breathed heavily as another orgasm, much stronger than the other two, was coming onto her body again. When Shade thrust into her, a little faster from sensing how much pleasure she was feeling, Shine's eyes widened and she felt her body give in. Like a dam burst inside her body her juices went down in a free-flowing torrent towards her opening, where they blasted out in a mad rush, coating Shade's length, their legs, and adding to the massive pool beneath her. It continued to flow and flow; Shine whimpered at how much she was actually releasing. Her sight was beginning to blur. Shade licked her back and bit down into her fur as it all washed over and under his manhood, flowing past the pulsating veins.
Shine let out an exhausted sigh as it finally ended, her orgasm. She was a wet, breathing mess, and every part of her body was aching. Shade continued his slow and sensual romp, speeding up only a tiny bit. He could finally feel his climax coming to him after all this time.
"Shine…I…I can't hold it…any longer." Shade breathed.
"Go ahead." Shine nodded. "Release your seed if you want…"
Shade pressed himself against her, shoving in his knot in the process. The Umbreon panted and moaned as he felt the inevitable orgasm coming. All the pleasure that was stored in his body went past the maximum point and came out in the form of his seed ejecting deep into her. Shine felt the warmth in her, like nothing she'd ever felt before; and she liked it.
They were left in a sweaty mess, their bodies locked together from Shade's knot. When he tried to pull out tears came to Shine's eyes, because it hurt of course. Feeling her pain Shade stopped pulling on it and waited for it to deflate. Their ejaculate mixed together inside Shine's crevasse, held there by Shade's knot.
"How…was that?" Shade said.
"It was…unbelievable…" Shine panted, the pleasure still lingering. This marked them, as mates forever. Shine just wondered how Wes was going to react, if he was still looking for her. At this point it seemed that he was not out looking for her; it's been three days. Shad lightly humped her, trying to get his knot to deflate. Shine lifted herself up with her remaining strength and stood on all fours. She looked back at Shade, and they smiled at each other.
The entire cave was filled with the super strong smell of sex and in this cold weather, it would stay like that for a while. Shade shifted on his hind legs stepping in the pool of liquid, when his knot finally lost size and he was able to pull it out with ease. Shade sat down, and Shine did too.
"Shade?" Shine said. "Thank you. For all you have done for me. I am truly grateful."
Shade's face turned red. "You're welcome…Shine. I was…happy to help you." Shine smiled and kissed him slowly, on his lips.
"Shine!" a voice called out from the distance. Shine's ears perked. "Shine where are you?"
Shine stood at attention, towards the entrance of the cave. "C…Can it be? Wes?"
"Your trainer?" Shade said. "I guess he's still looking for you."
"Shine! Where are you princess?" the voice sounded more concerned this time.
"It is him!" Shine said excitedly. "Wes is here. Come on Shade I want you to meet him!"
Without another word said Shine darted out of the cave into the snow filled wilderness. Shade was a bit puzzled, but he ran out anyway to catch up with her.
Wes squinted, wishing he'd brought his goggles along. He'd been looking for Shine for the past three days. He knew at this point he might never be able to find her, but he wouldn't give up. He loved Shine and he would never leave her behind, if she was still alive.
"Shine! Shine! Where are…" he turned to his left to see a pink shape running down the hill towards him. He looked carefully. Could it be her? Is it Shine? As it got closer, his body lit up with excitement. It was Shine! And she looked pretty happy to see him. Unable to keep in his excitement at seeing his long lost Pokémon he dashed toward her and met her in the middle, scooping the Espeon in his arms and holding her tightly, kissing the side of her face.
"Shine where have you been?" Wes exclaimed, not able to hold in his tears. "I was so worried about you!"
Shine buried her face in the crook of his neck and breathed in his scent; he smelled like home. Three days since she'd last seen him, she was just happy to be in his arms.
Wes smelled something weird, sweet smelling, and pulled the Espeon away from him, holding her by under her forelegs. He smelled her, also wondering why she was wet. He saw the Umbreon that was only a few feet away from them, and everything made sense.
"Hmm…I see someone got a little naughty." Wes chuckled, shaking her gently before setting her down in the snow.
Shade got a look at Shine's trainer. His blondish hair was spiked and he wore a blue and red winter coat over thick black pants, his hands concealed by black gloves. He kneeled down on one knee and held out his hand.
"Come on boy." He said nicely. "I won't hurt you."
Shade smelled his hand but he couldn't smell his scent. Wes rubbed the top of his head.
"I see you took care of my Shine," he chuckled. "I don't know much about Pokémon, but I assume you two are mates now." Wes stood and pulled out two Poke Balls. "The only appropriate thing to do, is to make you my next Pokémon."
Shade looked to Shine. She nodded, a tear in the corner of her eye. Wes pulled his arm back and threw the ball at him. Now they would not be separated; traveling with her trainer, together as mates. He smiled back at her before the ball collided with him and his body turned into a red jagged light as it went back into the Poke Ball, falling silently to the snow. The ball shook a few times but Shade made no attempt to escape, and the light on the front disappeared. Shade now belonged to Wes.
The young man smiled and picked the ball up, hooking it to his belt. He turned to Shine. "I bet you've had enough winter training for one day huh girl?" he said. "Let's go home." He returned her to her ball and hooked it to his belt, next to Shade's ball. He now had two Pokémon, an Umbreon and an Espeon, now both mates. A perfect pairing. Wes sighed and ran his hand through his hair. Giving Mt. Cornet one last look, he turned his back to the mountain and walked away, towards the warmer Orre Region.
"Alright, Vulpix, use Fire Blast!" The girl called to her Pokémon, her Vulpix. The small fire fox arched its back and summoned a large plume of fire from its mouth. The fire attack, over ten times the size of the Pokémon that produced it, raced across the battle field towards the weakened Loudred. Within seconds the Big Voice Pokémon was consumed by the flames entirely, leaving it charred and smoking.
"Unbelievable!" Damien exclaimed, his jaw dropped open. "How do you always win with that Vulpix of yours?"
The girl smiled, tossing a Poke Ball in the air and returning her precious Vulpix to his Poke Ball. "Don't be so surprised Damien," she said to the fellow teen. "Pokémon will always be strong if you train it well."
The black-haired boy sighed and returned his Loudred to his Ultra Ball before returning to his friends. The girl returned her Pokémon to his too.
"Rose your Vulpix is the strongest I've ever seen!" Her friend Diane said.
Rose looked at the ball, an almost smug look on her face. "Yeah, but I don't feel, fully satisfied with him."
"'Fully satisfied'?" Diane looked at her like she was crazy. "What do you mean?"
"I've had Vulpix for a long time; His level is at least 63…" Rose sighed. "I want him to be a Ninetales."
Rose was not picky about appearances; most people who have a Vulpix always want to evolve it as soon as they can. Ninetales were always renowned for their beauty, and were always favorites to enter in contests. Some even saw them as trophies; they could say that they got a Ninetales, they had one of the most beautiful Pokémon.
"Just use a Fire Stone." Diane said shrugging.
"But I don't have one. And I don't know where to find one," Rose ran her hair through her light pink hair. "But don't think I haven't looked, because I have." She pressed the button on the ball and let her Vulpix out.
"Didn't you try to get one when they were handing them out for free at the Department Store?"
"I slept in that day."
Diane shook her head. "Then you'll just have to keep your eyes open." Diane said, looking at her watch. "Oh shoot it's almost four o'clock I need to get home. See you tomorrow."
"Bye. See you later." Rose said, waving to her as she walked away.
The teen turned back to the Vulpix that sat in front of and looking up at her. Rose picked him up by the underside of his forelegs and held him in front of her, and looked at him.
"Why won't you evolve?" She whined. "There's has to be a way you can evolve without a Fire Stone!"
"Vul Vulpix." The fox yipped, sticking his tongue out slightly. Rose giggled and kissed the top of his head.
"You're so cute, so gentle looking," the young teen cooed, shaking him slowly and watching his paws. "Yet I would love to see you as a beautiful Ninetales." Rose said.
No matter how much training this little fox went through he never seemed to show any signs of evolution; I mean how could a Pokémon evolve with only a stone? How could that be possible?
"There's got to be something I can do to get you to evolve!" Rose declared. "There's just got to be a way!"
Vulpix cocked his head at his trainer's little predicament. His six tails wagged back and forth beneath him. Rose looked at him and shook her head.
"Just so cute," She said cradling the fire fox in her arms, rubbing his stomach. Vulpix sighed and got comfortable, closing his eyes. Rose just smiled. Such a powerful, yet adorable Pokémon.
"You're one of my best Pokémon Vulpix," Rose said, walking from the battlefield to her house. "I want to show everyone just how strong and beautiful you can be…" she began to trail of, imagining him as a golden-white-furred Ninetales; those long nine tails flowing majestically; slim yet muscular body…Rose sighed depressingly. Maybe Vulpix was meant to stay a Vulpix? The pink-haired teen certainly hoped not.
Rose opened the door to her bedroom and closed the door behind her, throwing her backpack at the foot of her back. The whole walk home she carried her Vulpix, who fell asleep in her arms; she didn't have the heart to wake him so she set him down on the covers. Removing her shoes and her socks to get more comfortable the girl stretched her arms and yawned. It was quite a rough day.
On the table next to her bed was the latest issue of Pokémon Fancy, a monthly magazine that Rose had a subscription to. It covered several articles on Pokémon breeding, contests that were held from Kanto to Johto, and Hoenn to Sinnoh; the Championships, which only a lucky few were able to make it to, were held in the faraway Orre Region. It was always her dream to participate in a contest.
Rose sat down on the bed next to her Pokémon. Laying on her back and flipping through the magazine, the glossy pages were filled with pictures of peoples' primped-up Pokémon, all of them entries in contests. Most of these Pokémon were owned by the upper-class people, who could actually afford to groom their Pokémon like this. Normally it was unlikely that lower to middle-class people, like Rose, would actually make it to the championship in Orre.
Rose looked at the sleeping fox and gently rubbed the side of his soft coat. He rolled onto his back but remained asleep.
Rose heard of rare cases where a Pokémon was able to evolve without an Evolution Stone, but these were very rare. It was just so hard to comprehend that certain Pokémon couldn't evolve without a Stone. So many Pokémon evolved by training and leveling up, so why couldn't it be possible with Vulpix?
Rose took her backpack and pulled out her Pokédex from the front pocket. Flipping it open she pointed it at Vulpix and the scanner immediately kicked on. The Pokédex, whose sound was turned off, showed a picture of Vulpix on the screen. Next to the picture were his stats, level, and the moves he's learned. His level showed 63. That was a very high level, for a Vulpix at least. But no matter how much training, sometimes rigorous training the little Pokémon went through, he never seemed to show any signs of evolving! Not one single damn sign!
A vibration made the girl jump. It was coming from her cellphone. She took a short breath and flipped the phone open.
"Hello?" she said.
"Hi Rose!" her best friend Ashley said cheerfully from the other end of the receiver.
"Oh hi Ashley." Rose said, folding her arm behind her head. "You sound chipper today. Something going on?"
"Only the best thing ever!" she exclaimed. "Elekid evolved!"
"He did?" Rose said, astonished. Ashley had been trying to get Elekid to evolve much like Rose was with Vulpix. "That is great news. It's taken a lot of training hasn't it?"
"That's the thing girl! I didn't evolve him through training, or trading!" Ashley said.
Rose sat up. Her interest was very piqued by this. "Not by training? Did you trade him with an Electirizer?" She said with an eyebrow raised.
"Nope! Not even by trading!" the girl said. Rose could tell she was shaking her head. It was something she always did when she said no or anything like that. "I gave him a kiss and he evolved into an Electabuzz!"
The teen was surprised. "A…kiss?" she said, not able to believe it.
"Yep that's right! I gave him a kiss and he evolved."
"But how's that possible? I gave Vulpix a kiss and nothing happened."
"But I didn't kiss him on the cheek or his head," Ashley said matter-of-factly. "It was a kiss on the lips!"
Rose's eyes widened. "On the lips? You kissed your Elekid on the lips?"
"Is there something wrong with that?" Ashley said, sounding a little hurt.
"N-No there's nothing wrong with that!" Rose said. "I mean it was just a kiss right?" She looked at Vulpix the whole time.
"Yeah it's not like we made out or anything!" Ashley said with a slight giggle. Rose blushed and looked away from the fox.
"Y-Yeah…" Rose said nervously. "Ashley can I call you back?"
"Sure. You going to try it on Vulpix?" Ashley giggled.
Rose hung up without saying anything else. She knew Ashley would call back later. Crossing her legs she sat facing the sleeping Pokémon and rubbed his side. A kiss evolved Elekid; Ashley didn't even need to trade him? How is that possible? Ashley could be pulling her leg, she did do that a lot, but she never sounded that excited…or that serious.
A kiss on the lips; she'd never kissed any of her Pokémon there before. She could give it a try, Rose was getting desperate and if it worked for Ashley, who was just as close to her Elekid as she was to her Vulpix, why couldn't it work for her?
Rose rolled the fox onto his back and gently stroked his creamy underbelly. The fur was so soft and silky, on his little body. Her hand moved up and she rubbed his neck in a smooth back and forth motion. Vulpix rubbed his face with his paw before he slowly opened his eyes and looked up at his trainer.
"Glad you're awake," Rose said, smiling at the small canine. Vulpix let out a small sigh as he relaxed and let Rose rub his belly. The girl picked him up and held him in her arms and continued to pet him that way. This just had to work, this just had to. Rose licked her dry lips and peered at Vulpix's small mouth.
"Here goes nothing…" Rose thought. Without really thinking about it the teen lowered her head down to Vulpix and planted her lips against his muzzle. Vulpix stared up at her in surprise; she'd never done anything like this before…
His mouth was warm against hers, she could feel it through his lips. Her heart rate was beginning to go a little quicker, from the tension of the possibility that this wouldn't work, and from the whole moment itself. Vulpix took in deep breaths on her face and pressed up against her with his paw like he was trying to push her away.
After moments of silence Rose pulled her lips away. Nothing. He was still the same. The only difference now was he had a confused look on his face. The girl was beginning to become flustered. Nothing she tried was getting Vulpix closer to evolving. She thought about calling Ashley and asking her exactly what she did… No. She was going to do this on her own, she would help Vulpix evolve without any other help.
"Maybe it will work if I tried again…" Rose said to herself. Like before she gave Vulpix a small but long kiss on his muzzle. This one was having the same effect as the last: none whatsoever.
Now Rose was getting frustrated. Every attempt to get Vulpix to evolve failed, and now even this one wasn't working.
Yeah it's not like we made out or anything! Ashley's words remained a constant ringing in her mind. She gave her Elekid a simple kiss, but she hadn't taken it further than that. Maybe she could…up the ante with the kiss.
Rose swallowed and kissed Vulpix again, but this time however she licked his lips. Vulpix shifted and made a slight gasping sound but did not fight her. It felt very strange kissing her closest Pokémon, but it felt strangely good. Going further she licked the end of his muzzle slowly, like a dog. Vulpix's body relaxed more; he seemed to be enjoying this. Well it was better than hating it and trying to get away from her.
Then the girl did something she never thought she would do: she slid her tongue into the male Pokémon's mouth. The fox let out a moaning sound, rubbing his paw against Rose's shirt. A light blush came across her face, from slight embarrassment and the heat from Vulpix's mouth. Maybe if he felt good while she did this it would increase the chances that he would evolve. Rose massaged his cream-colored belly with the tips of her fingers, running them through each soft individual strand. Heat came off Vulpix's body and his breath as he breathed into his trainer's mouth.
Rose began to swirl her tongue around his small mouth, and became a little angry when nothing changed on the fox's body. She had her tongue inside his mouth and he wasn't showing any signs at all. Rose removed her tongue from his mouth and leaned back, both of them panting. The girl noticed she was a little wet from kissing him.
"Not even that worked?" Rose brushed a pink bang from her face. "Maybe I could try something else…"
She hand went down to between Vulpix's legs and she rubbed his sheath slowly. Vulpix whined and shifted in her arms. Rose set him down on the bed and stroked the casing of his private area slowly. Vulpix shifted under her, closed his eyes and panted. His length grew hard and poked out of the furry covering, showing his arousal. Rose blushed madly when her fingers brushed over the soft red skin. Biting her bottom lip she rubbed the side of the fox's member and it continued to grow in size and hardness.
"Vul…Vulp-pix…" the male growled, pawing at the air to show his enjoyment. He was enjoying this dearly and Rose was beginning to as well; her panties were getting wet. She wiped the sweat from her forehead.
Rose picked Vulpix up and they moved down to the floor to make this easier. Laying him down on the carpet she rubbed the Pokémon's growing cock and gently grazed her nails against the sensitive skin. Vulpix wiggled and panted harder. Desiring to give Vulpix a lot of pleasure she moved down to the shaft and gave it a taste. Breathing in his musky scent she ran her hand down to the base where she touched his swelling knot. She took the fox's dick in her mouth and sucked it slowly. The Pokémon beneath her let out a tiny yip of pleasure, trying to paw at her head.
He had a very interesting taste, nothing like a human's. Her hand went to work at stroking the bulging red flesh delicately, while the other went to work on his balls, holding and massaging them as she sucked mind with more force. Vulpix leaned his head back against the carpet and let out a small howl of pleasure, his six red tails smacking up against her neck. Still there was no signs of evolution so she just kept sucking the small male's fully-erect rod, bobbing her head over it.
"Vullll…Vulpix~" Vulpix's desire grew stronger with Rose's sucking; it was making him very horny and she knew it. Feeling herself get wet and even hot, she left Vulpix for a minute and stripped her clothes from her body all except for her bra and panties. Her attention went back to her fox and went back to sucking him, squeezing the knot in her hands.
The heat was coming back to her and attacking her, mainly between her legs. Slipping her left hand into her panties she rubbed her clit to help ease the heat and she moaned against his cock. Without taking her mouth away she pulled her panties down to her knees and went to fingering herself, sucking more vigorously on Vulpix. Her vaginal lips salivated with her juices, trickling down the insides of her legs. Pre-cum leaked into her mouth and she tasted the salty flavor; Vulpix was about to cum and it tasted nothing like a human's either. Thrusting her head down she took all six inches of the red mass of flesh up to the knot in her mouth, swallowing it. Her moans were muffled against the canine organ as she plunged her fingers further in and rubbed her own nerves forcefully, her clit burning from the pleasure. Then she came, soaking her hand and the carpet below with her clear liquids.
She pulled her mouth from Vulpix leaving a line of saliva from her lips to the tip of his meat, not letting Vulpix come first. There was something she wanted to do to him that would give him so much pleasure that he would cum himself into a Ninetales. Pulling her panties from her and tossing them to the side she grabbed her backpack and unzipped the back of the pack, revealing the number of sex toys she had in there. Rummaging around she pulled a small vibrator, only about an inch thick, that had a flared base, attached to what appeared to be a rectangular dial by a cord. The vibrator had the appearance of a canine Pokémon's penis, but was much smaller.
"You're going to love this, my little fox." Rose said with a smile. She pulled the fire-fox closer to her and spread his legs apart slightly and looked down at his tight little anus. Putting the tip of the vibrator at his hole she slid the tip into her Pokémon's ass. Vulpix growled with a mix of pain of pleasure, feeling his anus stretch for the first time.
Rose knew that a male's prostate was like a female's g-spot; it could be stimulated to induce orgasm. This vibrator was made for such a purpose. She twisted the toy gently as she slowly pushed it up to the flared end into him. Vulpix's eyes were wide with surprise, never having felt something like this before. Rose smiled and pat him on the head.
"This will be great my little boy," she said, taking the dial in her hand. She moved the sliding lever to the "low" setting. Vulpix gasped as he felt the object inside of him vibrate softly in his anus, making a very gentle humming sound.
"Vuuullllpiiiiix…." The Pokémon moaned, sticking his tongue from his mouth, kneading his paws against the air. Rose rubbed his stomach which was soaked with sweat. He looked so cute like this, with that pleasured look on his face. Taking the end of the vibrator she pulled it out then thrust it back in. The look in Vulpix's eyes resembled hunger and lust.
"You like that boy?" She cooed scratching the bangs on his head. "It's only going to get better." The dial was then set on "med". The vibrating increased in speed and force and the humming got louder. Vulpix's eyes were as wide as plates and his back began to arch, yipping loudly in a high-pitched voice. Rose watched his cock throb, larger drops of pre-cum erupting upwards from the tip.
"Feels good doesn't it?" she laughed, rubbing his hind leg. "Yet you're still a Vulpix! I think I can solve that problem." The pink haired teen wrapped her fingers around the Pokémon's rigid erection and pumped it with her hand and giving it small squeezes.
"Vulpix vulpix!" the canine groaned, the muscles in his anus tensing around the vibrating invader. Rose leaked at this arousing sight but she continued pleasuring him. The amount of hot pre-cum increased and flowed down to her fingers. Using the other hand she fucked his ass with the vibrating toy and every few seconds twisting it slightly. She watched him in amusement as his body shook with the extreme ecstasy and from the vibrations.
"You're going to have an incredible orgasm Vulpix." Rose said slyly, picking up the dial and cranking it all the way up, to "high". Vulpix's entire body quaked with the incredible vibrations, the humming now incredibly loud.
"VULP VULPIX!" the fox screamed as Rose jacked his cock off harder, and when it was combined with the stimulation of his special spot it gave him intense pleasure that was mind-blowing and nerve wrecking. He was so close to cumming, his ejaculate flowing down Rose's hand. The girl squeezed and pumped him harder, the act making her juices build with arousal. The thin tip of Vulpix's length flared, getting thicker as he was on the brink of orgasm. Rose fucked the fox with the pseudo-cock as hard as she could without injuring him. Cum was rushing out quickly before his climax hit him fast and he howled as his seed sputtered out in thick streams, covering Rose's arms and hand with the hot liquid.
"I hope you enjoyed that." Rose smiled, licking herself clean of the semen. It tasted very spicy. She lowered the lever on the dial down to off and the vibrator came to a stop. Twisted it slowly she pulled the toy from his anus and set it aside.
Vulpix, however, was still a Vulpix. Rose put her hands over her eyes and sighed. She made him cum hard yet it did not work. There was only one other way to get him to evolve; she was going to have to let the fox fuck her.
Rose removed her bra from her torso and tossed it with the rest of her clothes. Picking Vulpix up and sitting down on her bottom, Rose leaned back and lowered Vulpix down between her spread legs.
"Vul Vulp?" The Pokémon said to his trainer. Rose moved him around to get him in position. She could feel his member against her opening and she blushed at the feeling of the moistened skin. The pleasuring she gave him had aroused her immensely, and every inch of her body was aching. Brushing her hair from her face she watched as Vulpix leaned his body against her, wrapping his paws beside her waist as well as he could. With one swift and fluid-like movement of his body he penetrated Rose and took her by surprise.
"Ahhh…!" she let out a loud sigh as Vulpix went off like a rocket, pounding his small frame against her. Propping herself up on her elbows she watched the fox release all the lust, that built up in his body, on his trainer slamming into her drenched hole.
"Yes…that's a good boy Vulpix," Rose took a deep breath. "Fuck your master till you evolve…"
The girl spread her legs further and the fire-fox rammed himself home at a downward angle, their incompatible organs fitting perfectly together. Rose groaned at the deepened penetration. Grasping the carpet in her fingers Ross moaned loudly in bliss from the pure pleasure, her chest gleaming with sweat. Vulpix was going at a speed that was incredible for a Pokémon of his small size. Rose could only imagine what it would be like when he was a Ninetales. Vulpix grunted and tried to pull her up digging his claws into her skin. Rose rubbed and scratched the tuft of hair on the top of his head.
"Somebody's very horny aren't we?" Rose giggled. Vulpix panted as he hit her sensitive insides, taking small love bites of her stomach. The teen leaned her head back and moaned softly, groping her right breast with her hand in circular motions. At this rate he would evolve in no time flat. Spreading her legs further apart and lifting her waist up to give him more access, Vulpix sense this and adjusted to the lift, showing his response by ramming himself deeper into the girl, up to his knot. Cum flowed onto Vulpix's fur coating him with the liquid, the sweet smell of an aroused female driving his instincts wild.
"Ooh! More Vulpix!" Rose moaned. "Fuck me more!" Vulpix stuck out his tongue from the side of his muzzle, making soft cute growling noises. Based on his actions and movements he was extremely horny, fucking her like no boy could. There was however one thing that would get him very turned on: to take her from behind.
Rose grabbed Vulpix's sides and pulled him from her exposing his enlarged red shaft, bulging veins sticking out from the dark red skin.
"Vul vulpix vul?" the confused Pokémon said. Rose smiled at him and rolled onto her knees. Pressing herself against her bed with her ass thrust out, with a few struggled and rather difficult actions she managed to get the fox behind her. Holding his sides to keep him up, her arms started to cramp. Vulpix wrapped his forelegs around her waist as his trainer got him in position. When she felt him against her and the fox thrust forward she let go and allowed Vulpix to resume his rutting.
Rose bit her bottom lip and folded her arms under her head. The aroused fox was going fast, grunting and breathing lightly. A hard stab through the folds of her womanhood made a deluge of cum flow down to the carpet, giving rose a mini orgasm; she was going to cum hard and she smiled in delight. She pushed her hindquarters out further to get more of the wonderful pleasure her Pokémon gave her. Her walls sucked and around him like a mouth around a straw, and he struggled to get past the friction. Rose groaned as she felt him get closer to her womb. The liquids came faster as the pleasure climbed to the peak of orgasm. She clenched her fists and bit down hard on her tongue to the point of drawing blood.
Rose looked back at her Vulpix, watching him in action. Still going at a speed so fast, she got exhausted just from watching him; he clung to her for dear life to keep himself from falling off her back. The pink haired girl couldn't believe the little vulpine had so much strength to fuck like this. She felt the rush getting stronger like a surge of electric ecstasy; Vulpix's knot was getting closer to her opening.
But then he stopped thrusting; Rose thought something was wrong and she looked back at him. Before her eyes Vulpix's body slowly became enveloped in a bright white light. Her eyes widened as his small body, began to grow; Vulpix was evolving.
His body grew larger, and something else was growing in her; there was a sudden sensation of her pussy being stretched. There was no pain until he kept growing, still slowly. Rose gasped as Vulpix's cock grew thicker and longer, growing its way into her womb, her stomach tingled in pain and pleasure, her cunt stretching from the massive increase in size, and the weight on her body became heavier. She couldn't believe that he was finally evolving, after all this time!
The light faded and a pair of ruby red eyes looked directly into hers, a beautiful slim body covered with a soft creamy-golden coat. Nine long gorgeous tails flowed behind him which she stared at in awe. Then without any warning the vulpine was off again, slamming into her drenched opening.
"Ahh! Ninetales!" Rose shouted at the searing feeling of his massive length tearing through her. She felt filled to the brim by this canine invader but she did not want it to stop; the pleasure was too great. She rocked her hips backwards to meet the fox's cock. Her lips flared and her liquids continued to flow out of her stretched gaping hole, staining the carpet beneath them. Rose squeezed the bed sheets in her hands to keep herself from sliding off the bed.
The smell of her pheromones, her ejaculate liquid, drove Ninetales mad with lust. He smacked his hips against her body driving himself deeper into her flooded hole. Rose respired in anticipation feeling every single inch of her cavern explored by the Pokémon. At this point with his new body, his cock was easily a length of twelve inches, maybe even more.
Ninetales held her tighter and shifted to his right, moving Rose from the bed. With a few more movements she was off the bed and on her hands, in perfect doggy style. Rose hissed sharply and dug her nails into the carpet, moaning at the delightful feeling she felt. Ninetales growled and pounded his majestic body against her sliding around her heavily lubricated sex. Even though he was evolved, which was what Rose wanted, he wasn't going to stop until he came.
"More Ninetales! More! Keep going harder! You're so big!" Rose yowled, loudly like she was a bitch in heat; her burning cunt begging for more of the golden vulpine's hard length. Her juice built up more only to be dispelled from her body. Loud moans escaped her lips each time the fox pushed into her.
The muscles in her arms began to tense, struggling to keep herself up. Ninetales dug his claws into her back, snarling in lust and animalistic desire for his master. His tails rapidly hit the air in several directions. The giant member filled and stretched her pulsating walls to the point where it started to hurt but with the pleasure mixed, she made no objections. Ninetales nipped at the back of her neck, running his claws down her body.
Rose yelled out and her arms instantly failed her; no longer able to support her she collapsed to the floor leaving her anus in the air so Ninetales could continue their romping. The penetration was deep and the teen clawed at the carpet, needing something to squeeze to relieve the pain and leave room for the ecstatic pleasure to flood her nerves. Ninetales moved his paws back to her hips and slammed his cock down hard onto her sending shivers through her body.
"MORE! Fuck me harder Ninetales!" She screamed, not being able to get enough pleasure. Her fluids came faster dripping down their legs and pooling under them. Every inch of her body, every corner of her saturated slit was not left unexplored; his knot pressed harder against her clit, smacking her body and each thrust making a soft whump sound as their bodies collided. She could feel the knot, round and inflated, press against her as he desired to enter and tie with her. Rose panted and closed her eyes; how her orgasm hadn't come yet was beyond her but when it came she knew it was going to be extreme.
"Ahh! Yes Ninetales! Yes yes!" Rose yelled thrusting herself back against the fire-fox as hard as she could. The vulpine whined as his cock was clenched in her iron yet hot and fleshy vice. His pounding was hard and ferocious that he actually began to push her forward against the floor. Her cum splashed onto her stomach when he thrust forward, her insides flared and swollen from his member scrapping against them.
Snarling and bearing his teeth Ninetales pulled harder on the young girl and pressed his knot halfway into her hole. He clenched his eyes as he pressed as hard as he could before he gave a very hard thrust and managed to shove his knot through her pink and enflamed folds, forcing them further apart with the strong desire to tie with his master.
"OOOHH~ GOD NINETALES!" Rose yelled as loud as she could, the passionate feeling of the knot stretching her sex past her capacity and filling her with rapture. The orgasm was coming faster and it was maddening, before her muscles clenched around him as hard as they could, sucking his cock like he was a part of her. Half of his member was shoved deep into her womb. The orgasm came rather quickly and a river of her fluid sprayed past the knot and drenched his fur and his hind legs with the glistening juice. The soaked spot of the carpet got bigger from the climax, and was added to by the liquids dripping from his fur; the carpet was ruined in that spot.
Ninetales whined and pulled her closer, his cock throbbing and convulsing before he emptied his seed into her womb. His pearly-white cum came out in short hard bursts and Rose could feel the force of every one of them against the walls of her uterus and making her abdomen quiver. She let out a loud drawn-out sigh as his semen filled her up to the brim and making her feel warm on the inside. He humped her lightly pumping his seed into her as her walls contracted and milked him of more of his seed, leaking out of her womb and filling the rest of her, leaking down onto the ruined carpet. This was all complete joy. She loved the feeling of his seed inside her womb and the only thought in her mind was; can Pokémon get humans pregnant?
Her body began to fall limp from the heat and the pleasure but she was kept up from their tied sexes. They remained knotted for at least five minutes before he was able to pull from her and she slumped down to the floor, breathing heavily and feeling very happy, and satisfied. Cum dripped from the tip of Ninetales's cock and he lowered his head down to her crotch and lapped up the mixture of liquid that leaked out from her.
"Ninetales…I'm so glad…you evolved." She panted, looking back at the golden fox. She reached back to rub the tuft of fur on the top of his head when a loud vibration made her jump. The hum was coming from her cell phone, which fell from her bed when Ninetales forced her on all fours. Opening the flip phone and putting it up to her ear, she breathed heavily as she tried to answer.
"H-Hello?" she said in a weak voice.
"Rose? What happened to you? You hung up on me." It was Ashley.
"Oh hi…Ashley." Rose wiped her forehead. "Sorry I…wanted to try your method on Vulpix."
"Really? Did it work?"
Rose smiled and nodded. "As a matter of fact it did, and I have to thank you for telling me."
"Really? I'm glad it worked. What's he like as a Ninetales?"
Before she could answer Ninetales dug his tongue into her sex and causing her to moan.
"Rose? A-Are you okay?" Ashley said.
"I'm fine," Rose said. "Ninetales didn't get enough apparently." The fire-fox lapped at her womanhood vigorously and hungrily.
"Rose, don't tell me you…"
"I've got to go Ashley." Rose said. "My new fox wants me again."
Then she hung up, leaving her friend listening to the blank dial tone.
Every summer Zach and his parents would come up from the Isshu region and have a relaxing holiday in Sinnoh. People don't like to go on vacation in their own region; the sights are all too familiar for a vacation. It's like staying in a hotel in your own region. Who really wants to do that?
Definitely not Zach. He loved visiting the other Regions. There was always something new and exciting to see and do, new people to meet, new gyms and Pokémon Leagues to participate in, but most importantly, new Pokémon to find and capture. There was just one drawback to being from Ishuu that Zach got a little tired of: you had Pokémon that many people outside Isshu had never seen before. Every time Zach walked into a convenience store, Department Store, or any other place where there was a lot of people, with his Zorua by his side, he would be literally swarmed by people. They were always in awe over his little dark fox; people would ask him questions about her, like what she was, what her nickname was, where he capture her, what moves she knew, basic questions like that. Girls commented on how cute she was, which he liked. It was quite amusing the first couple of times but after a while, it got very suffocating. He couldn't go anywhere new without be flooded by people.
Zorua was given to Zach as a Christmas present, three years ago when he was thirteen. He remembered how excited he was when he had the egg in his hands. But when it hatched in front of him, and she revealed herself, his face just lit up. It was the best gift he ever got.
Since then they developed a close bond and they became inseparable; this was always common with people who had a Pokémon for years, when it was hatched from an egg. Zach rarely ever stored her in her Poke Ball; he enjoyed seeing her and enjoyed her company way too much for that.
Once Zach and his parents checked into the hotel, he would set out somewhere. Unlike teenagers his age, who liked to hang out at stores or places like that, Zach loved to go out to the nearby forest. Zach was the adventurous type, who loved excitement. Climbing the mountains and exploring the deep dark caves and forests was his thing; as long as Zorua went with him. But it's not like she wouldn't anyway. Over time she became adventurous too.
One particular place that piqued Zach's adventurous side was Sinnoh's Eternia Forest. Forests were some of his favorite places to be; you could see many Pokémon there. He'd heard stories of that very forest, rumors that the wood was haunted. The Old Chateau, the abandoned manor at the far north side of the forest was said to be the source of these rumors. People were always blaming hauntings on old houses. Just because something was abandoned and dilapidated, in the dark forest, didn't make it haunted. But Zach wasn't the kind who believed in ghosts, so he was skeptical about the whole subject. He had his doubts, sure, but that didn't mean he wasn't going to check for himself.
The blue-haired teen's backpack lay open at the foot of his bed in the hotel room as he packed it for his little journey. Zorua lat curled up with her head on the pillow, sleeping peacefully. Zach looked through the contents of the bag to make sure he had whatever he knew – or what he thought – he packed.
"Let's see…I've got extra Poke Balls, food, water," Zach mumbled loudly to himself. "Food for Zorua, Poffins, camera, town map, PSP, IPod, headphones for the IPod, PokeDex, binoculars…"
"Sweety don't you think you're packing a little too much? You're going to weigh yourself down." His mom said from the table in the very small kitchen. "How long do you even plan on wandering around that forest?"
"Just long enough to capture a Pokémon or two." Zack semi-lied. If his parents found out about the Old Chateau they would shackle him to the floor to keep him from going. Zach unplugged his cellphone charger from the wall and stuffed his freshly charged phone into the pocket of his jeans.
"Well I don't want you out there too long. Your father and I get very nervous when you take these adventures of yours."
"Mom I'll be just fine. I've got Zorua with me."
The little fox let out a cute yawn as she rolled onto her back and stretched out her legs, before rolling back onto her side.
"That's why I'm worried," she sighed. "Why can't you evolve her so she can protect you?"
Zack zipped up his backpack and swung it over his shoulder. "She'll evolve when the time is right. I don't want to force the big change onto her." The boy lifted his Pokémon up slowly, waking her up in the process. A spot on the sheets caught his eye. Rubbing it with the tips of his fingers – it was wet to the touch – he smelled it. It smelled sweet, and oddly familiar. It clearly wasn't urine so he made nothing of it.
She sighed. Once Zach made up his mind it was impossible to change it. "Okay Zach. Just be sure to be back before five. Your father would be unhappy to come home and see that you're not here."
"Alright mom," Zack said giving her a kiss on the cheek. "I'll call you once I get to Eternia Forest." With that he left the room.
"Ready to go on another adventure girl?" he said with a smile.
Zorua opened her eyes and looked up at him. "Zoru…" she said weakly, squirming in his arms. Zach got the message and put her down on the carpet-covered floor.
"What's wrong girl? You feeling alright today?"
The fox let out a small "rua" before she made a rather odd movement on the floor. She wiggled body in a circular motion, rubbing herself against the carpet. Her trainer looked at her with a bizarre expression before he started to get weirded out, and he picked her up off the floor.
"What's going on with you, girl?" He laughed. "Are you alright?"
"Zor Zorua." Zorua replied, smelling his face and licking the end of his nose. Zach smiled.
"Everything's alright then." He declared, setting her down on the floor. He looked at his watch "We need to get going. There's a lot I want to do before dad gets home from his meeting. And with that, we're off!" Zach started down the hallway, expecting Zorua to follow him like she always did. But something was holding her back. Zorua winced and groaned as her walls, her vaginal walls, clenched tightly making small drops of fluid leak onto the floor. She took a deep breath, and followed her trainer.
Okay, maybe they weren't on a vacation per say. Zach's father was a scientist and was always busy with his work. At first Zach found it hard to accept this, finding it unfair at times. But as he got older and more mature he was able to accept it. Recently though his dad got a job with some organization that specializes in the study of Pokémon, named Team….something.
Zach could never remember the name of that company, no matter how hard he tried. But he knew it started with a G, or maybe even an F or an H; he was never for sure. Not only did his working hours change, his physical appearance changed as well. After his first day at work he came home with his hair dyed light blue. Mom was, needless to say, shocked beyond belief; when he came home from his first day, the first thing she did when she saw him was scream and faint. Zach's dad had been working for the Team for at least a year and his mom came to accept it, begrudgingly.
But his dad's work was the least of his problems at this time; he had a forest to explore.
The thick trees surrounded the Eternia Forest path, obscuring the view of the outside from the inside and vice versa. This was everything he expected from the forest: dark and foreboding. He liked it. Now though he wished he'd listened to his mom, because the backpack seemed to be getting heavier.
Zach sighed and looked worriedly behind his shoulder at Zorua. She was falling behind. She never fell behind him like this before. Usually she would be trotting beside him, yipping happily.
"Zorua you've been acting very strange since we left the hotel. You're not sick are you?" Zach said, stopping to let his Pokémon catch up.
"Zorua…Zoru." She panted as she sat down next to him. Zach sighed and picked her up, carrying her the rest of the way. The fox inhaled and curled in his arms, panting as her walls continued to tighten and made liquid flow.
"Hey Zorua, do you smell that?" the blue-haired teen spoke when he noticed there was a sweet aroma in the air. It seemed oddly familiar, yet at the same time it didn't seem like it was the smell he was thinking of; it was sweeter…but that thought didn't stay with his attention very long when he saw the Old Chateau ahead in the near distance. There it was. The haunted manor itself. Zach smiled in delight; the thought of exploring that dark house and maybe even uncovering the mysteries that made everyone cower in fear at its appearance, even its mentioning, made his adventurous spirit jump with glee.
There was an old picket fence in front of the house's courtyard, which looked like a single pruner or lawnmower blade hadn't been brought to it in years. It was a real sight for sore eyes.
"God that yard is disgusting." Zach spat to himself. "I guess that guy who owns the house is too lazy – or scared – to at least come and take care of the yard."
He reached into his pocket and flipped his phone open, then dialed his mom's cell phone. There was no dial tone or any indication that the phone even did anything, which was then followed by three beeps. The screen showed a white box that said "Signal unavailable."
"Damn, no signal. I keep forgetting there's no reception in forests." Zach sighed.
The time was now 3:25, according to his watch. He couldn't understand what his mom was so worried about; his dad got home late, at about nine or ten o'clock. Then again mom always got worried about him when he went on his journeys. Zach set Zorua down and rubbed his right calf. His legs hurt after all that walking and he needed a place to sit and relax.
After making a little survey of the area he found the remains of a campsite set up several feet from the mansion. This would be the perfect place to stop and rest, there were even logs positioned around the ashes of an old campfire. Zach threw his backpack down beside the log and sat down, stretching his legs out and taking his IPod and his Town Map from his pack, reading it over as he listened to his music.
Meanwhile the dark fox gritted her teeth as a hot pain went through her body. Her heat cycle, the cause of this distress, was making her crazy. All she could think about was sex; nothing but sex was on her mind. Her fluids were creating a puddle beneath her and her feet splashed in it when she shuffled around, trying to get herself more comfortable, and to calm down. Zach at this point was oblivious to the outside world.
Zorua looked back at him, her eyes beginning to water from the pain. She needed a relief from the heat, and masturbating wasn't going to do her any good. It would only make her want something inside her even more. She stood up from her spot and started to climb on Zack's crossed legs like a ramp which immediately caught his attention.
"Hi there girl," Zach smiled, setting his map and his IPod down. Zorua climbed up onto his chest, smelling his chest through his shirt. The boy chuckled and scratched the backs of her large ears. In response she got closer to him and licked his face. "I love you too Zorua."
The dark type could feel the heat of his body and it in turn made her hotter. Staring at his face, there was something about that she'd never noticed before; she never noticed that Zach was a very handsome boy. His face was well chiseled, and with his light blue eyes and matching blue hair, he was the best-looking human she'd ever seen. Her heat was making her desire his companionship, to be so close to him, to feel...His hand slowly stroked her back and her folds immediately flared and the juice that showed her arousal leaked onto his shirt.
"Zorua?" He said upon feeling his garment becoming wet. A dark blush came across the female's face. With her secret now exposed, the canine turned around with her hind end in his face. Zach's own face turned red upon seeing her enlarged organ which was dripping wet.
"Zor…Orua…" she panted, looking back at him.
"You're going into heat, aren't you?" Zach said, resting his hand on his chest, stroking his companion's back with his other. Zorua whined and moved back further almost pressing herself against his face.
"I think I can…help you with this baby." He said, stroking her back he moved his hand to her mouth and poked two of his fingers into her mouth. Zorua moaned and sucked on the digits, running her tongue across them fervently. The boy stuck out his tongue and grabbed her sides, pulling her back against his tongue and shoved it inside her. The fox's eyes widened and the blush across her cheeks got darker. Zach tasted the want and deep desire that she was secreting and he could now trace that sweet smell back to his Pokémon.
Zorua mewled silently at the feeling of something inside her for the first time. Her legs were beginning to go limp on her, like she had no bones in them. Zach rubbed her back, sides, and tail, moving his fingers in and out of her mouth while he caressed her sacred area gently with his tongue, taking great care to make her feel good.
Both ends of Zorua were filled up with her trainer's fingers and tongue, both giving her pleasure. Zach moaned as his fox's juices came onto his lips filling his taste buds with the sweet taste. Despite Zach's desire for adventure, he did have a girlfriend or two before, and he learned some things from them, like how to pleasure a female, and how to do it good. The same rules could be applied here. His tongue fluttered across her inner walls, causing the small female to let out a tiny moan of pleasure. Zorua lowered herself down against his torso and bucked her hips against his mouth work, her pleasuring heightening rapidly.
"Zorua….zor rua…" she moaned, biting down slightly on her master's fingers. Zach began to suck on Zorua's vulva, spreading it apart as he took his free hand and rubbed the insides with the tips. Zorua moaned against his fingers, her breathing becoming short and rigid. Zach popped his tongue from her like a cork in a bottle making a flow of love juice follow suit. Zack sat up, pulling his dark type off his chest.
"Let me take good care of you baby," Zach said, turning her around and planting a small, gentle kiss on her muzzle before he turned his entire body around and set Zorua down across the log. She looked back at him, wondering what he would do next. With his newly lubricated fingers, Zach slowly grabbed her behind with one hand and pressed his fingers into her opening with the other, sending waves of pleasure through her and making her shiver. Zorua let out a loud, drawn-out moan as her trainer fingered her clit slowly. Her tail wagged madly and her red paws began to shake, digging her claws into the bark as Zach pumped his fingers into her tight womanhood.
"Does that feel good sweetheart?" Zach said while rubbing the top of her head.
Zorua found herself unable to make any response. She was beside herself with this pleasure and all she could do was moan over and over again. Zach took that as a yes. In the dim sunlight he could see the liquids pouring down the backs of her small hind legs, glimmering on her dark coat as well as his fingers. Zorua screwed her eyes so tight that it started to hurt; the heat made her crave for more and she thrust herself roughly against the invaders, slamming herself against the boy's hand. Zorua yipped loudly, bearing her teeth and clawing at the log.
Zach brought his fingers out from his Pokémon and thrust them back in at an angle, rubbing her clit with his thumb. He then noticed that his pants were getting very tight, and he undid his pants to let his erection grow more freely, pressing out against his boxers. Zorua looked back at her trainer with her desire-filled, innocent eyes, and when Zach's made contact with hers, his heart rate began to go up rapidly, as did the speed of his fingering.
"Zor Zorua!" the female cried, her face flushing a very dark red and her tongue falling out from her mouth. Zach's fingers were doing wonders on her, making her mind fog with ecstasy and her eyes tearing up. The fox's small body could barely even take all these intense feelings she was experiencing. The teen's finger now super lubricated from the large amounts of juice covering them, they moved in and out with fluid-like movement, all friction now gone from them. Zorua's organ was pink and enflamed, sopping wet with her sex juice. Zach's length throbbed beneath his undergarment and he rubbed the sweat from his forehead before continuing to pleasure his young fox.
An extreme heat came into her chest and quickly spread down to her entrance, indicating she was close to a climax. Her ears twitched and she yowled like mad as Zach pleasured her with expert skill, rubbing the most sensitive areas inside her. He seemed to know exactly which places to touch and how to touch them. It was like heaven for Zorua. A thick load of liquid poured down onto Zach's hand and she reared her head back and screamed as the load was added to by a torrent of her orgasm fluid, coating the human's hand.
Pulling his fingers from the female and leaving her breath deeply he cleaned his hand of her juice. Taking a deep breath he pulled of his boots before taking his jeans away, then adding his boxers to the pile. Zorua looked back at him and shifted when she saw his size. Zach grabbed her hips gently and crawled on his knees towards her. Zorua looked up at him with a look in her eyes that begged him to mate her.
Zach slowly pressed the tip against Zorua's opening before sliding his large girth into her. Zorua winced and let out a silent cry as he plunged into her wetness and broke through. The small Pokémon dug her claws firmly into the wood as the blue haired teen began to thrust in at a steady pace. There was pain but there was also pleasure mixed with it, and she could handle it.
"Zorua…Zoru…" she growled as she felt the pain beginning to slowly ebb away, from Zach's gentleness. Zorua felt his cock rub the deeper parts of her that he hadn't gotten with his fingers and it made her very excited. She felt pure bliss as her cunt contracted over Zach, making her leak more of her clear liquid. Zach grunted as he slammed the dark type against the log sending a quick shockwave of pleasure through every nerve in her body. Sweat gathered over the skin in his joints that were concealed from the air as the heat rose higher between the two companions.
Picking her up without pulling out Zach turned her over on her back, twisting his member around inside her and laid her against the hollowed tree. The sight of the cute and pleasured expression on her gentle face made him more aroused and he went back to drilling his dick into her opening. Zorua made loud and high-pitched yipping noises as he filled her up with his immense size, her paws pressed against her chest. Zach stared into her eyes, locking with them as their love-making continued. The female ejaculate poured and splashed onto his skin each time he pulled out, and more came when he pushed back in. Zorua bucked her hips upwards, her body covered in sweat and her tongue sticking out from the very end of her muzzle.
"Zor zor zoru zorua!" she squealed loudly, showing her fangs and spreading her legs as far apart as she could to let him go deeper. Zach clenched his teeth, letting out a grunt and trying to press through her constricting walls. Surely she was close to cumming.
Zach slammed her as hard and as fast as he could, making Zorua see double. Her body took control and subjected itself to her trainer's mercy; she cried out in ecstasy as she felt closer to orgasm, the muscles in her body clenching like her walls. Her back arched and spasmed, squeezing her legs together and clamping her trainer inside. Zach moaned as the heat of her clit burned him with the pleasure that came from this. Zorua spread her legs back apart letting the love liquids flow like a river. She whimpered as the release got closer, rushing down to her opening; Zach could feel it coming.
With a loud yowl Zorua came, spraying her trainer's cock with her fluid, the cum making a loud squirting sound as it forced itself past the tight lock they had on each other. Zach took in several deep breaths, his orgasm not having arrived yet. He thrust gently into the dazed Pokémon, letting her take a break after that great orgasm.
Then something very unexpected happened: Zorua's small body began to glow. Zach staggered back in surprise, falling back on his behind. The fox's light-concealed body started to grow; she was growing larger, and larger
"Zorua…you're…evolving!" Zach said, completely flabbergasted by what was happening. Their sex was making her evolve. Was that even possible? It had to be, because it was happening right in front of him. Zorua's hind legs formed into digitigrade legs, almost human-shaped. Her forelegs reformed into arms, the claws on both sets of paws growing longer and redder; these and other reformations took place before the light faded and her evolution was complete.
Zach stared at the new Pokémon that was before him. No longer was Zorua a small canine, but a bipedal fox with long red claws, a slim, beautiful body, a long red mane that flowed down her back…so many changes that were too numerous to count. Zorua was now a Zoroark.
"Zoroark…you evolved…" Zach said, almost speechless.
Zoroark smiled devilishly and touched the cum-stained spot between her legs as she got to her knees, making small growling sounds. Taking the boy by surprise she pounced on him, tackling him to the ground with her on top, knocking the wind out of him.
"Zoroark! What are you doing?" He exclaimed. This took him completely off guard. Zoroark stared down at him with desire-filled eyes, he paws planted firmly on his chest. Zach stared back up at her, taking in the new sight of her. The fox lowered her body down and pressed her chest against his; he could feel her new, firm breasts against his chest. Zoroark then pressed her muzzle against her master's mouth. Zach let out breath through his nose and moved his hands up to her sides, exploring her new body with his palms and fingers.
The dark fox moaned and pressed her tongue into Zach's mouth in response, letting him know how much she liked that. The blue-haired teen's chest heaved against Zoroark's; he could feel her increased heartbeat. The small and loving gesture didn't take long for it to become more passionate as their tongues soon greeted and rubbed against each other, engaging in a battle for dominance. Neither one put up a fight so they just enjoyed the heated tongue kissing. Zach's hand went to her mane of hair and he stroked it up and down, running his fingers through the red locks while his other hand went down her back.
"Rark Zorark…" her moan was muffled against his mouth. She thrust herself back against Zach's member, which she was positioned directly in front of. Zach grunted as she grinded herself against him, covering the top of his shaft with the sweet liquid. His hands glided to her front and he lightly touched the base of her breasts getting a small moan from Zoroark. In her new form, the fox was so beautiful in his eyes, like she was a Pokémon goddess. Zach rubbed the side of his finger against her neck and she leaned her head back, exposing the fur-covered spot which he immediately kissed and planted small bites on.
"Z-Zoro…ark…Zorar…" the female groaned helplessly at his assault on her neck. Hands moving up her breasts he massaged them with the tips of his fingers, feeling the soft, black fur; she leaned up to give him more room. Zoroark's paws hooked onto his shoulders and she squeezed, digging her claws into his skin. Zach winced and gripped her breasts as a result, then let go as the pain subsided. His sensual massage went gentle again rubbing the firm mounds in smooth circular motions, rubbing his thumbs lightly across her perked nipples. Zoroark panted and sucked in a sharp intake of breath, pushing herself back faster against his member.
"I see you're enjoying this." Zach said, grunting as Zoroark thrust backwards. Suddenly then she pulled away from him and crawled down his legs until his rigid cock was in view. Zach watched as Zoroark took the thick base in her paw. Giving the tip a small thick she could feel it twitch in her palm, then she ran her tongue up the underside gaining a moan from the blue-haired teen. Zoroark slithered her tongue around the engorged tip at the salty taste of pre-cum came up to greet her. The dark type growled lustily and wrapped her muzzle around the head and sucked hungrily making Zach moan louder.
"Somebody…sure did learn fast…" he said, propping himself up to watch her. The tip of her tongue played across the very end of his shaft, the way it moved in her paw fascinated her Pokémon curiosity. She gave it a small squeeze and made a loose twisting motion with her paw. Zach clenched his fists and teeth, she was doing a very good job with this. Zoroark's eyes fluttered up to meet his and she growled, tracing her claw across a thick and throbbing blue vein. Lowering her head down she took the organ in her mouth all the way up to her paw, sucking heartily like her life depended on it.
Zach's hair stuck to his head as he sweat, getting aroused from the blowjob and from watching her doing it. Zoroark bobbed her head over his genitalia stroking the sides with her tongue and getting the salty tang of pre-cum again. She sucked him like his dick was a lollipop, licking the head like one too. Zach was near cumming, like Zoroark was trying her best to make it happen; and she was doing a damn good job of it too. The dark female bobbed her head and sucked faster, sending Zach over the edge and he came, blasting his semen into Zoroark's mouth. Zoroark moaned against him and stopped to drink all her trainer's salty spunk. She released him, seed leaking from the corner of her mouth.
"That was…amazing Zoroark." Zach panted, laying back down.
"Zor Zor Zoro…" She purred in response, crawling back on him and straddling the teen, hovering directly over his rod. The dark fox slowly lowered herself down and Zach watched her body take him in, impaling her on the thick shaft. Grabbing the sides of his shirt she pulled it up over his head and threw it to the side, exposing his well-built chest. She sat in his lap and leaned forward, resting her paws on his chest. Slowly, she rocked her hips up and down on his lap, taking all the control now. Zach grappled onto her hips and help guide her on him while she thrust him in and out of her. Zoroark looked down at him, panting and taking in light breaths, moaning on occasion. Zach's eyes traveled up and down her body, taking in her every curve from her well-built arms and legs, to the long muzzle on her face, and her full, luscious breasts.
"Zoroark...Rark rorark…" The dark type moaned, rubbing her paws across his taut chest. Her cheeks flushed red and she closed her eyes, her ears twitching like she had fleas in that spot. The boy let out a groan from deep within his throat as Zoroark rocked faster on his lap, leaving pools of her liquid all over his skin. Zach squeezed her hips tighter to maintain his hold as she went faster. Zoroark dug her claws into his shoulders as she held onto them for leverage, this time drawing a bit of blood. He grimaced at the pain but ignored it; that was her way of dealing with the pleasure, he figured.
The ground was able to provide a good base for Zoroark's downward rocking; she was able to get a good angle of penetration each time she came down on her master. A small line of drool leaked from the corner of her muzzle falling to Zach's skin. Her eyes reflected a look of pleasure and disbelief. Zach rubbed her hips as he held them, thrusting upwards when she came up off his lap.
"Good….girl Zoroark." Zach grunted. "Such a good, beautiful girl." She blushed harder at his compliment and it seemed to drive her forward, because she started bouncing rapidly on top of him. Zach screwed his eyes closed as she constricted around him, creating a little bit of friction when she came up, but the large amount of sex juice that was coming out of her decreased this a bit. Their bodies moved together in a graceful dance, heated and passionate, together as Pokémon and Trainer. Whatever sounds they made intertwined, creating a lovely, ecstatic chorus.
Zach reached up and grabbed her breasts while she pounded down on him, squeezing the soft mounds as hard as he could. Zoroark whined in pleasure, tears falling down her face from the waves passing through her body and she dug her claws further into his shoulders making his eyes water this time. The fur on her paws became stained red as blood ran down his skin.
"Please be careful Zoroark," Zach said. "Control your…instincts, please." It was worth a shot but he had no idea what else an aroused Pokémon like Zoroark was capable of. Zoroark's mind and sight were clouded, flooded with the incredible ecstasy that hung over them, like the strong odor in the air.
"Rark! Zoroa zoroark!" she cried the different syllables of her name continuously, wailing whatever words she was saying in her language. When his arms began to sore Zach let them fall back down to her waist. Zach watched her bring herself up off his cock, the skin shimmering with her ejaculate, for only a split second before she quickly came crashing down on top. He could feel the beads of sweat transferring from her body to his; they were both a sweaty mess at this point. Zoroark's pink and puffy clit sucked greedily at Zach's member, like it wasn't supposed to leave her orifice. Tears streamed down her face and ignoring her trainer, she dug her claws in his shoulders but in different spots, drawing fresh blood. This hurt, but he accepted it; it soon became invisible against the ecstasy.
Zoroark's tongue drooped down limply, flopping across her mouth with her movements. She was enjoying this immensely and the same could be said for Zach. The Pokémon moved faster, riding him like she was riding a horse. The trainer grunted and held her with an iron-solid grasp, not intent on letting her go. Zoroark loudly moaned nonstop as she slammed herself down hard, the juice splash on their fur and skin. Every part of Zach's length was squeezed by her walls, milking him of his pre-cum in hot little droplets. With his hair and entire body drenched with sweat, and his chest streaked with blood, the sex was very heated between them; this was going to be an intense orgasm for both of them.
The dark Pokémon's body began to shake without any of her control over it, lost to the ecstasy that invaded her body like an infectious virus, and it wasn't long before Zach came close behind. Drops of cum leaked freely into Zoroark's cervix, heating her up from the inside out. Fluid poured from her sex in mad currents, trickling down the sides of Zach's legs, telling him that she was getting close. Zoroark rammed herself on his groin roughly making him grunt through his teeth. The pleasure was mighty and it was plentiful, the white hotness spreading through them like wildfire. Zoroark clawed his shoulders without knowing she was doing it, his chest and her paws covered in thick red blood.
Zoroark suddenly snarled, bearing sharp fangs and digging her claws deeper into his shoulders making the blood flow faster. She cried out as her clit contracted tightly around her trainer's cock, squeezing more spunk out. Her fluids burst out onto the grass, coating everything beneath her. Her back arched multiple times and her muscles spasmed as a thick, sweet-smelling cunt juice onto his dick, her body quaking with the orgasm. The vibrations of her body and the force of her cumming sent him over the edge. His organ bulged several times before his semen exploded into her womb and cervix, emptying everything he had into the female fox, coating her insides with the thick cum.
"Zooooorrr…zoro…" Zoroark panted, feeling the semen mix around inside her. Poking her claws from his skin, she left claw marks and small gashes in his shoulders. Now that her senses were back, she felt bad for having hurt him. Lifting herself up Zach's limp, wet member fell out of her and as small amount of ejaculate went with it. Laying on him Zoroark licked the blood from his wounds, looking at him with eyes that begged for forgiveness. Zach stroked her long and thick red mane.
"I forgive you girl." He said, kissing her on her muzzle. Zoroark smiled and rubbed her paws across his chest, licking his lips lovingly. Zoroark laid her head down and closed her eyes.
A loud ring startled them both. Zach pulled his cell phone from his discarded jeans that lay next to him and answered it.
"Hello? Who is this?"
"Zachary Tiberius Clarke! Do you know what time it is?" It was his mom, and she sounded pissed.
"Oh h-hi Mom." He said stammered, looking at his watch. It was 5:00. "It's nice to hear from you."
"Why didn't you call me? You had me worried sick!"
"I'm really, really sorry. I couldn't get a signal and…Zorua needed me to…comfort her."
"You get back here right now, before your father gets home! You are in so much trouble!"
Zoroark growled and yanked the phone from Zach's hand and put it up to her head. "Zor zora zoroark orark zoroar zoroark!" she yelled into the phone before snapping it shut and throwing it into the trees.
"Zoroark! That wasn't necessary!" he said. "Now I'm going to have something to explain when I get home!"
Zoroark put her claws against his lips, stopping him from saying anything more. She smiled and kissed him on last time before laying her head back down and closing her eyes. Zach sighed and laid his head back, staring at the sky above as he ran his fingers through her mane again. With his other hand he rubbed the injuries that Zoroark inflicted on him; the blood already clotted.
"I'm going to have a lot to explain when I get home," Zach said to himself. "An awful lot to explain…"
May was in a hurry, although her date with Drew was many hours away. She tried out combination after combination, wanting to look perfect for her boyfriend. He was taking her to a restaurant, a very elite one. The house rumbled from all the nose of the closet doors, May dressing and undressing, the mirror being set this way and that way...
"No...this won't do... God, how to make myself look good?" she wailed.
There was, however, one who was not very pleased with this, and that was her Blaziken. When it came to boys or any other male spending any time with her, he always gets very jealous, and very angry. There were times he wanted to snap their necks clean off. But now that May was going out with that green-haired kid Drew, he was furious! There's a reason why they're rivals; aren't they supposed to hate each other? Blaziken would not stand for this, and all he could do was wait in his Poke Ball...
May was trying to fix her hairdo, using a comb and a mirror on a handle to see behind, when her cellphone rang. She ran to get it. It was Drew. Her heart started ticking fast, and her cheeks turned crimson.
"Hi, Drew... What's up?" she said seductively.
Drew responded in a casual voice: "Hiya, sweetheart... I wanted to check up on you. Are you ready for tonight's dinner?"
May moaned slightly at the tone of his voice. It was so sexy. She loved hearing him talk that way. "I'm trying to get myself all dressed up pretty. My hair is causing me trouble." she answered.
"Nah, your hair always looks great when you go out. Listen, I'm being pestered by some Contest officials. I need to fill out forms of some kind. See you tonight, hottie..." Drew said, a bit annoyed.
"Bye, my loving rival..." May purred, knowing Drew liked this, and hung up. Her head was in clouds, just from this one talk!
From within his Poke Ball he could hear all of May's responses on her cell phone. She was talking to Drew! He growled, his insides burning, more than they usually were. He could...not...take it anymore! He forced himself out of his Poke Ball from in her pack, appearing in a jagged line of white light that formed into his powerful body, kneeling on knee. He lifted his head, looking up at May before he started to stand up.
May noticed the sound of a Poke ball open, and turned around to see Blaziken, rising up from a kneeling position.
"You want something to eat? Sure, I just need to fix a problem with my hair, so I do not look awful on my date." she said, looking at him for a short moment, then turning around to tend to her hair, make-up and clothes.
The fire bird crossed his muscular arms, watching his trainer get ready for her date. He took a deep breath to calm himself down and blew a small bit of smoke from his mouth. His eyes went across her slim body, watching her scurry around to get ready, messing with her make-up and the such. Drew did not deserve a beautiful girl like her...he made a low growling sound and slowly got closer to her, taking small steps every few seconds.
May, now completely ignoring her Blaziken, put 2 sparkling hairpins on her long hair. She loved accessories, whether it was about Contests, or real life. A close look in the mirror, and her face stretched into a big smile.
"Oh, this is nice! I think my honey will adore this!" she squealed in delight, having fixed her problems. She spun herself around, looking at her dress with satisfaction.
Blaziken growled, narrowing his eyes sharply and uncrossing his arms, clenching his taloned hands. If she thought he was hungry, why didn't she feed him? He wasn't hungry, but she was still ignoring him because of this Drew bastard. He was taking up all her time; she never paid as much attention to her Pokémon like she used to. Seeing her spin around like that, dressed so beautifully, his insides started warming up again, but in a different way. When she stopped spinning around he put a hand on her shoulder and shook it slightly to get her attention.
May tensed up when she felt Blaziken's hand on her shoulder. "Oh! I forgot! Here, I'll go and get you some Poke-food. Wait here. God, am I forgetful..." May laughed at herself, and went in the kitchen, trying to find the Poke-food.
Blaziken stood in his place, closing his eyes and concentrating. Maybe she just got so preoccupied with what she was doing; humans do that all the time, he knew that. He took in a deep breath, smelling the sweet yet very subtle scent of her perfume. It was...good. He smiled as much as he could, opening his eyes again and looking at the small mess she made while she was getting ready.
"Ah, here it is!" May exclaimed, finding the extra-spicy variant that her Blaziken loved. She filled a bowl to the top, and went to the Fire chicken. ?Here it is, your favorite. Sorry to keep you waiting.? She put the bowl next to Blaziken, then went back to the mirror, checking herself again.
Blaziken looked down at the bowl, staring down at it for a few seconds before kneeling down and eating a handful of the food before standing back up. Chewing the food he stared at the back of May's head. He swallowed the food and sighed, licking his lips. His eyes trailed up and down her body again, taking in more of her figure. He got closer, touching her shoulder again.
May was applying special sparkling lipstick to her thin lips, when a tap on her shoulder jolted her. "Jeez, you scared me!" she shouted. "Is there anything else you want?" she asked.
Blaziken smiled, rubbing her shoulder a few times. She looked beautiful like that; like a human goddess, his trainer. He stroked her shoulder before moving his hand down to her back, stroking it with the ends of his claws.
"You deserve so much more than Drew." he thought.
May felt the touches, and was surprised by them, and the focused look of her Blaziken. "H-hey... It's not food that you want...is it?" she asked a bit timidly, feeling his clawed hand run across her back, which was exposed partially by her dress.
Blaziken let out a small sound that sounded a bit like a chuckle. He palmed his hand against her back, rubbing it up and down slowly. The bird lowered his head down to her shoulder, smelling the nice, sweet smell that permeated from her body.
"W-whoa...Wait a minute...Y-you don't think...I'm attractive to you...do you?" May yelped fearfully. She was Drew's girlfriend, but these movements of her first Pokémon seemed to indicate that he, too, liked her. She backed away, with fear visible on her face.
Blaziken felt his insides warming again. Was she rejecting him? Or was it just that she was scared? It more than likely it was the latter; it wasn't everyday that a Pokémon comes on to his trainer. He growled and approached her again, his hands going for her shoulder and her side.
May stammered, when she saw the tall Fighting type approach again: "Blaziken, please, don't. What has gotten into you? Is it the mating season of your species? If so, please try to restrain yourself. I'll try to find a breeding center. Y-you're scaring me."
"There's no need for you to be afraid." he thought. A breeding center was not what he needed nor wanted. Blaziken grabbed her shoulder and her side, rubbing her hip and sliding it around to her back. He began to pant, his anger against Drew ebbing away. The hand that grabbed her shoulder moved up to her head, brushing her hair with his talons.
He got her, but wasn't overly rough. He caressed her hair with his talons. Still, May was nervous. She thought about what might've caused Blaziken to be like this. She remembered that she didn't spend that much time with her Pokémon now. Maybe he was just lonely? She tried to apologize "Look... I know I've been caught up in other things lately, and I have been spending less time with you. I'm sorry. It's just that I like Drew, and being with him makes me too detached from other things. I'll try to be more mindful of you."
"It's too late for that May. There's only one way you can make it up to me." he said thought to himself, wondering if he should speak to her with his mind.
His hand moved down to her neck and he leaned her head back, eying the soft-looking flesh before he attacked her neck, licking and nipping the skin with his beak.
"Aaaah! N-nooo..." May gasped as she felt him lick and nibble her neck. It felt ticklish, and it caused internal unrest within the brown-haired Coordinator. She tried to remove his beak gently with her hands.
Blaziken grabbed her hands and forced them away. He wrapped his powerful arm around her back and pulled her closer, pressing her body against his as he continued to assault her neck, getting a little more forceful with his licking, leaving small bite marks on her flesh.
"N-no...Please, stop... I will look all messed up on the date..." May writhed helplessly under the assault of the Pokémon. "Why are you doing this to me?" she wailed.
"Drew doesn't deserve you May." he said out loud. "You belong to me and me alone." His free hand trailed down her dress, pulling it up as his hand traveled down further.
"W-what? Did you...just speak to me...in my mind?" May was shocked, and barely noticed the hand travel downwards. She had relied on his facial expression, gestures, and simple nods for communication till now, never thinking he might be telepathically gifted. He wasn't a Psychic Pokémon!
"Most Pokémon have this gift, but never chose to use it..." He said, trailing his tongue up her neck and swirling it across her cheek. His hand lifted her dress up further until he felt her leg beneath, rubbing her slim leg in a smooth up and down motion.
"O-oh...never knew that..." May mumbled. Her senses awakened her from the shock-induced stupor. She felt him rub her legs and back. Her dress was upturned. She said, in a worried tone of voice "Why do you say such things about Drew? He is a very good boy, hasn't done anything bad, and I like him."
"I feel...very jealous when you're around him. When you were talking to him on the phone, I felt so angry. I want you May. I want you..." His hand slid up her dress, slowly moving to her chest while the other moved further down her back, scratching the elastic of her panties.
"No... Don't be angry... and please, don't harm him... I cannot back away from this, can I?" May asked, seemingly aware of the answer, noticing his long, slightly curved red dick. Her eyes bulged outwards at the sight of it, and his hand scratching her panties. His extremely muscular body was the next thing she noticed. If he wanted to hurt her, he could, easily.
"I'm sorry May, but I'm not letting you leave this room, until..." He licked the corner of her mouth, moving his hand further up until he touched her bra. Grasping it, he took hold of her panties and slowly began to pull them down.
"Please, let me undress. I want my clothes not to be ruined. I...never knew you considered me attractive. A Pokémon...falling for a human... I've never heard of that before." May stammered. She liked Blaziken, and considered him a friend... But, was this right?
He stood back from her, letting her dress fall back into place. He crossed his powerful arms again. His lengthy member started to throb, almost impatiently.
"I love you May," he said in an almost dream-like state, taking deep breaths. "Please, take those clothes off..."
She nodded, although shakily. The sandals were off first, then the dress, that she put onto the hanger. She was in her panties, and a small bra, both black. She took them off, although not without hesitation. She couldn't believe it. Two loved her! And only one can stay. She was between a rock and a hard place. Her mind was thrust into overdrive, thinking about all the consequences of this, about the excuses she'd have to make...Blaziken narrowed his eyes and let his arms fall down to his sides.
"So very beautiful..." he breathed before going to her again until he towered over the girl, putting his hands on her shoulders, rubbing them down her smooth arms.
May blushed at his words, which echoed in her mind in a deep, god-like voice. The rubbing of her arms felt nice. She offered no resistance. "How long did you feel love for me?" she asked.
"I've loved you for a long time May. I started to feel something when I was a Torchic, but the feelings got more intense when I evolved. And now..." he trailed off staring into her eyes before he took the sides of her face in his hands and brought his face down to hers, planting his beak against her mouth and kissing her, moving his tongue across her lips.
She barely had time to reflect upon his last thought, when he took her by surprise, and kissed her fiercely. "Mmmmfff..." she tried to protest, but failed, as fiery hotness invaded her mouth, followed by the wet tongue. It felt nice, and warm. She stopped flailing, and let him kiss her. She thought "So, it is true. You love me. And this feels so good. But, I'm supposed to be Drew's girlfriend... I don't know what to do..."
"Please May...Don't...talk about him. Let me do this. I want to do this with you." he said in a firm tone, pulling her closer, wrapping his arms around her and shoving his tongue deeper and more roughly into her mouth. His tone of voice put May under a spell. She just listened to him ring in her mind... She began kissing back slowly, involving her tongue.
"Make...me feel good...please...", she moaned, inside of her mind. The bird grunted softly, pushing his tongue further in, rubbing against his trainer's tongue. His hand went down the small of her back, the other headed for the area between her legs.
"Wonderful...your heat is making this feel so nice... Finger me, lick me..." May moaned with abandon. The movement of her Pokémon was strong, but at the same time, enjoyable. She thrust her body into him, wishing he'd do more.
Blaziken opened his eyes slowly, looking down at the girl; his insides were getting even hotter. Squeezing her back he poked his claws into her skin. His fingers stroked the spot between her legs, his fingers sliding into her folds, moving them in and out of her slowly. "How does that feel?" he purred in a lusty voice.
"Heavenly...I never knew sex would be this good... Your heat is making my insides melt...?; May sent a mental message, while she wrapped her hands around the muscular Pokémon, tightening the kiss.
Blaziken gladly accepted, wrapping his arm around her back and pulling her body against his, feeling her smooth skin against his feathers. She felt so good, in so many ways. His fingers plunged deeper inside, rubbing against the sensitive tissue. His tongue roughly moved around her mouth, exploring every single inch of it. May began spasming and moaning uncontrollably. The clawed fingers were jabbing into her pussy, and hitting just the right spots, like the keys on piano. May began leaking in huge amounts, just from the finger treatment.
She mentally pleaded: ?Keep...doing that...and please, suck my breasts...make me crazy...?. She barely had enough focus to plead, and her knees were already buckling.
Blaziken was very happy to comply. He disconnected sloppily from May's mouth and lowered himself on his legs to get leveled with her chest. Still fingering the teen he slowly licked the nipple on her right breast, swirling his tongue across and around the soft bud, grunting as he did so. The force of his fingering got slightly faster as well.
?Oh! Yes! I will cum soon, if you keep up with this... Milk my tits...ohhhh... I'm being incinerated from inside...?, May yipped, barely able to stand. She saw flickering lights, felt strong heat... The fucking of her Blaziken was sending her to the other world...
The Pokémon looked up at her, taking pleasure in the look on her face and her begs for more. Taking his free hand he caressed her smooth leg, leaving tiny scratches in her skin. While his fingering got harder he covered his beak over the front of her breast and sucked in her nipple, running his tongue across it and feeling it harden from his treatment.
?Mmmm... Blaziken, you'll make me cum... I can feel it... I can't believe it...?, the Coordinator panted. She thrust her pelvis forwards, not thinking about anything other than having sex with Blaziken.
Blaziken twisted his fingers around her cunt, rubbing her clit furiously. He quickly alternated between her breasts, giving each the same amount of attention. Her organ twitched over his hand and he knew she was right; she was very, very close to coming. His fingers went deeper, moving even faster.
?Yaah I'm cumming... That's it...?, May whined softly. She tensed up, clutching Blaziken tightly. She spurted powerfully, coating Blaziken's claw with juices in its entirety. Her moan was long, and high-pitched. The bird moved his juice-covered hand from between her legs, smiling at the sight of her liquids on him. He sniffed his hand.
"You smell very good..." he took a small lick of his hand. "You taste good too." He lifted his hand up to her face and stuck two of his wet fingers into her mouth, moving it around slowly all around her mouth. May moaned at his act, sucking the intruders heartily. Her nipples were as hard as a stone, while her hands touched the red and yellow fur-covered legs of her beloved Pokémon, massaging the powerful muscles. Blaziken sighed at the massaging she gave his legs. His cock was aching with impatience, heavily desiring to enter, and mate her. He stood up slowly to his full height.
"Are you ready for the best part May?" he said, rubbing her collar bone.
?Please, forgive me for my infidelity. I will do anything you want, and readily accept any punishment.?, May said humbly, but with a hint of lust, slowly opening her legs apart.
"Don't worry. I'll take good care of you my trainer." he said, kneeling down and grabbing her thighs, digging his claws into her skin. "This will feel very good." he smiled mischievously. He moved his head between her legs and stuck his tongue against her vaginal lips, licking it slowly.
?Aaah! So...amazing... I want more, please...?, May cooed as she felt him scrape her skin with his claws and lick her opening. She began trembling, as if she had seizures. She pushed her lower body into Blaziken's face, offering herself fully to him. Blaziken gripped her harder as his instincts, his pure, animal, fiery drive, made him press his entire mouth to her slit, shoving his tongue deeper and tasting the juice that was left over from her last orgasm.
?You...are sucking...me...dry. Keep it up, please... This is so good already... I wonder what will real fucking be like.?, May said, catching breath every few seconds. She was fully covered in sweat, and her makeup had melted, creating areas of colored skin on her face.
Blaziken moved one of his hands away and rubbed the top of her clit with his fingers, taking small, tiny nibbles of her sensitive inner nerves. The feathers on several places on his body, his own body sweating. His beak was coated with the fluids that poured out onto it, his taste buds filled with the sweet, candy-like taste.
"You taste, you feel amazing May...I can't wait to be inside you..." he moaned, breathing into her.
"Please, punish me. Make me yours, forever." May mewled submissively, hoping to arouse Blaziken more. She yipped when his nibbles made the nerves in her labia flare up. A high-voltage charge surged through her body. Thrusting his tongue in and out rapidly, shoving a finger in and fingering her at the same time. Her submissive sound, was indeed very arousing for the Fire/Fighting type. His mouth went further in, sucking and biting her clit with large intensity, moaning loudly against her.
As if biting, suckling and fingering wasn't enough to make May go wild, the vibrations produced by his breathing against her clit intensified her pleasure to unimaginable levels. May mind was doing only one thing now: replaying the sound of Blaziken's telepathic speech, enjoying the dominant roughness behind it.
The space down below was cramped and very hot, May's body being the only thing he could see, smell, and taste; he loved all of this. Blaziken popped his tongue from her, making a strong rush great his mouth and he swallowed more of her liquid. He was beginning to get very hot down there, and he needed to fuck his trainer. "May, are you ready for me yet?" he grunted. "I want you...so bad..."
"Yes... I want to feel your power. Take me, punish me... You own me, from this moment. Please, fuck your slave good.?, May was mesmerized by his power, and surrendered herself completely to him. She opened herself as wide as possible.
Seeing more room available he dug his tongue in as far as it could possibly go, fluttering it around her clit as roughly and as greedily as he could; greedy for her...At the same time Blaziken shoved his finger in as much as he could, alternating between fingering and tonguing her. Once she had her next orgasm, he would make her his...
"Blaziken...you're making me near my second orgasm... It's there, I can feel it. Your tongue is so awesome, down there..." May said, blushing. She lifted her hips up, and left them in full reach of her lover's beak. Her face was just a big, pleasured smile. The fire bird was growing short of breath, taking in light breaths. Eventually, he could not take it anymore and he removed his mouth from his trainer and stood up, clenching his fists.
"May, please, I can't take it anymore. Get on your bed, please." he said in an almost desperate, yet commanding voice.
"Yes. Please, dominate me.", May cooed, then laid on the bed, moaning. Licking his lips slowly he climbed onto her bed, positioning his large muscular body in front of her. Blaziken took hold of her calves and spread her legs apart. Making a growling sound he pointed and guided his stiff, pained rod towards her opening and slowly slid the tip into her.
"Do you want me to go on?" he said.
"Go on. I will tell you if it hurts." May answered, exhaling deeply. Her body quivered with impatience. Blaziken got a better hold on her legs and pulled them to his sides. He panted and took in a deep, slow breath before he pushed further in, halfway in; delving into her hot, wet entrance.
"A bit. Your heat is helping me recover. Please, talk dirty stuff to me, while fucking me." May blushed at this last request. But she couldn't help it, she liked his dominance.
Blaziken pressed his beak closed, before he smiled again. "Anything for you." he said, increasing the pace of his thrusting, pumping his cock all the way into her. He grunted, moving his hand to her collar and squeezing. "How's this? Do you like this?" he asked in a lust-filled voice.
May yipped in surprise and pleasure, then responded "Unh... Yes...I love how powerful you are... Your cock is filling me up entirely. M-more..." She began to push herself back at his cock, locking her legs around his waist.
Blaziken rubbed her neck, scratching the skin along her neck and chest. Gripping her leg, flames started to appear around his upper arms, crackling and sparking as they grew. Blaziken leaned himself forward, hovering over his trainer while he fucked her steadily. "You want more of this? Does my trainer want me to fuck her harder?" he growled.
"Please, fuck your slut senseless... I'm begging for punishment..." May whined, acting like a horny sex slave. The scratches on her neck and chest excited her greatly. She loved taking it rough, and impaled herself more, onto his hot rod.
Blaziken licked his beak until it was dripping with salivation; the heat of his body was making him very hot on the inside, the chambers of fire in his body boiling to extremely high levels. His feathers were wet, drenched with sweat. His intense, fiery instincts were driving him, forcing his thick Pokémon meat into the human beneath him, his claws going all across her body and gripping her leg harder.
"You're mine and no one else's..."he panted. "You're mine, my trainer..."
May tensed up at those last words. She tightened her pussy around him, and kissed Blaziken fiercely, moaning into his beak. She mentally acknowledged "I'm yours, yours for the rest of my life. Please, mark me, with your hellish fire..." Blaziken sucked in a breath and wrapped his arm around May's back, pulling her up towards him. The close contact with his body left her close to the flames on his arms, close to searing her skin. His other hand still kept rubbing up and down her leg.
"My wondrous trainer, I will take you as my mate...for the rest of our lives." he grunted and clenched his eyes, squeezing her skin with both hands and pumping at a more rigorous pace.
May felt the skin burn, but just winced a bit, not resisting at all. She thrust back with love and lust for the powerful Fighting type. "Brand me; mark me as your mate. I submit myself to your desires." she meekly said.
"I'd be honored to." Blaziken's hand moved to the front of her chest and he slowly let a small mark of flame trail down his finger, touching her skin where he felt it start to burn.
"Aaah!" May hissed, as the flame trail burned a patch of her skin. She gritted her teeth, and hugged Blaziken. "I belong solely to you, Blaziken. I am your mate, your servant. No one else will have me. I worship your dominant form." her thoughts flew, as she steeled herself to survive the painful branding.
May's Pokémon moved his hand to the back of her neck while the other palmed over her fresh burn, touching it gently while he licked her face and thrust into her warm, wet folds. She was now his; his mate, his lover. He held the young girl close to his fiery hot body. The flames glowed a bright orange and red, making the room brighter than it was.
"What about Drew? Does this change anything with him?" he knew the answer already but he wanted to hear what she had to say.
"I...will not sleep with him. He is kind, and good in heart, but you are my only mate; and I know what you think of him.?, May replied. The pain from the burn receded, and the pleasuring sensations in her cunt drowned it. She began squeezing and relaxing her cunt in a quick rhythm, hoping to arouse her dominant lover even more. The thoughts were quickly shaken out of Blaziken's mind.
"Thank you. If that is what you wish..." he responded in a nice, cool tone. Then the thoughts were quickly shaken out of Blaziken's mind. His hand gripped the bottom of the back of her hair and he pulled down, lifting her head up and immediately attacking her neck again, lavishing it with bites, sucks, and kissing while he rammed her body with his powerful hips.
"Aaah...Yessss... You're so strong... Rougher, harder..." May begged in a crazed voice, winding her neck upwards, to let Blaziken have more access. She felt her lower body heat up and convulse. An orgasm was nearing.
Blaziken removed his hand from her hair and moved it back down to her neck where he squeezed it from behind, banging her body with such force and lust that he let out loud and raspy moans as he felt her clench around him like a hot vice. He could feel the sweat on her body and he panted to help get rid of it.
May felt him squeeze her neck with force. She moaned in delight at the feeling, beginning to thrust hard against him. This made her orgasm near faster. She loved his display of power, and hoped he'd be even rougher, because that would surely make her cum.
A low growl emitting from Blaziken's throat he grabbed May's leg and squeezed hard digging his claws into her skin. His head was fogging with the ecstasy and he could barely handle it despite his strength. He looked at May, grabbing her hips and trying to turn her around. "May, can you get on your hands and knees for me?" he grunted.
"Oh, yes. I'll do anything." May said, and somehow flipped herself over. She then pushed herself up on her knees. She wondered what Blaziken would do to her.
Positioning himself behind her he grabbed her hip with one hand and grabbed the bottom of her hair and pulled back hard, at the same time penetrating her roughly, fucking her at a rapid, unstoppable pace, grunting and panting loudly.
May moaned in ecstatic surprise-this new way of fucking was awesome. She screamed and moaned very loudly, as the long, meaty rod pounded her into oblivion. "Please, harder...make me pass out from all the fucking..." May whined softly.
Blaziken impaled her with his cock, ramming her over, and over, and over again at his erratic, insane pace. His talons dug into her skin and his hand moved to her neck again and he squeezed again, losing himself with the pleasure. "You feel...wonderful around me my trainer...you're so warm..." His beak snapped several times and he licked it again like he did several time before.
May was at his mercy. She loved it. She gasped with every thrust, and responded by ramming herself onto him more. It felt like his balls would enter her. She took one of her hands to pinch her breasts. She needed more. And more.
His feathers and his tan hair dripping wet, the flames on his arms began to grow larger, glowing much brighter than before. His thrusts were so fast it seemed like he would shatter her entire body to pieces. His hand went to her side and he pierced her skin with his talons. The bird leaned his body in further and took in the smell of her body, the sweet scent mixed with the smell of her sweat; it was intoxicating.
"Is this...good for you? Do you like this?" he said in a firm tone of voice.
"Yes... I love it... I love your power... Give me no mercy, no reprieve... Use me..." May replied, in-between juicy moans, caused by the scraping and burning of her skin. Her brain had only one thing in mind: serving Blaziken. The Coordinator asked him "Can...girls bear a Blaziken's child?"
Blaziken opened one eye. "I don't know for sure. I guess there's only one way to find out." he replied, pounding her harder as he felt pre-cum leaking into her.
"Mmmm...Please, make me pregnant... I want to carry your children..." May yelled loudly, then turned her head to face Blaziken, and kissed him passionately. The loving atmosphere and his eagerness to pound her contributed to the build-up in her inner regions. She would cum, soon.
The Pokémon hooked his arm around her neck and gratefully returned the kiss. His hardness was squeezed roughly by her contracting walls which seemed to get tighter and tighter making moving around her a bit harder but his speed managed to get through. Blaziken clenched his beak as more of his little cum droplets leaked into her cervix, growing more plentiful every passing minute.
"May...I can...feel it coming..." he groaned.
"Me, too... I love you. Pour every last drop in me." May said breathlessly, while her pussy began contracting fast, on its own. The hot fir was joined by tingling sparks, which sent May over the edge. She squeezed like a steel press around Blaziken's dick, moaning out a high note. Her fluid went on to meet his.
Blaziken felt her fluids explode out onto his thick organ, and pouring onto his feathers and onto the bed sheets beneath them, staining it to the mattress. Blaziken clenched his beak and grunted as he was unable to hold it any longer. With a long and drawn out moan he let go of his hold and allowed a thick stream of his burning hot seed to flow into the girl, filling up her insides and leaving Blaziken panting heavily. The hot and thick cum flooded May's vagina and it created a strong sensation of extreme heat. May moaned loudly at first, then relaxed, as the flow slowly stopped. She panted heavily, gathering her thoughts on her first time.
Blaziken slowly pulled from her, where a small flow of liquids came out from his absence. His muscles aching a little from the sex, he sat down behind her with his legs crossed, allowing his muscles to relax. "Did you enjoy it May, my trainer?" he said, rubbing her leg.
"I loved it. Please, fuck me with power, every day of my life. My body is burned, scratched, and bruised, but I like it. I like feeling your strength." she replied.
Blaziken sat on the edge of the bed, looking at May's make-up application area, then back at the girl. "I would love that." he smiled. "What are you going to do about your date with Drew?" he had to ask, to see if she still wanted to go out, just for fun.
May sighed, then replied "I will say one of my Pokémon suffered an accident, and I had to take care of it." She hated lying to Drew, but going to the date would be impossible, and contrary to Blaziken's wishes.
Blaziken smiled. "Thanks. I just wanted to see how you would feel." he thought for a second before a thought came to his head. "And how are you going to explain the burns and scratches to your parents?" Blaziken stood and stretched his arms and the rest of his powerful body.
May stood in awe, looking at her powerful lover. She felt herself get horny, again. She stuttered "I...don't...know..." She just stared at his powerful form.
Blaziken looked down over his shoulder at her and smiled at the awed expression on her face. "Like what you see?" he said, turning towards her and crossing his powerful arms. "Why don't you call Drew and tell him you can't make it?"
"Very much... Want me to call him right away?" May asked. Blaziken nodded.
"Yes. The sooner the better, so we can get back to our fun my mate." he smiled mischievously.
May nodded, and went to get the phone. She dialed Drew. In a disheartened voice, she spoke: ?Hi, Drew. I'm afraid I won't be able to come."
"How come? What's happened?" Drew asks exasperatedly.
"One of my Pokémon suffered an accident, injuring itself heavily. I need to take care of it. I'm really sorry, but..." she replied with a downcast voice.
"Damn!" Drew shouted angrily, then calmed himself, and resumed "Well, it's a bummer. I know that you should tend to the Pokémon, so, stay with it. Bye, sweetie" Drew ended.
May replied "See you later, honey." She hung up, and turned to Blaziken. Blaziken smiled at her, uncurling his arms.
"Now that that's out of the way, what do you say we have some more fun together, as mates." he growled, slowly getting hard again.
"Yes, my dominant love... I will pleasure you, forever." May purred, and launched herself on his dick, sucking it vigorously. It will be a fun day...
Trevor clenched his bulbous hands around the white fence, causing small marks in the wood. His tall muscular body towered over the fence; he could escape easily if he wanted to. Who would try to stop a Feraligatr on a rampage?
He hated being in these prisons the humans called "Day-Care Centers". Why his trainer left him here he would know, but he hated to no end. It was so degrading, being trapped in here like some kind of baby Pokémon.
Trevor looked out at the small town that the Center was situated in, watching the people pass by, smiling and laughing with their friends and family. It made him…sick. Trevor had a bad temper, and he had a tendency to take it out on others.
"Marcus better get here soon," he growled to himself and exposing his sharp teeth, gripping the fence harder to the point where "I can't wait to get out of this fucking hell hole…"
"Don't talk like that Trevor!" A feminine voice said from behind him.
He turned his head, narrowing his eyes to see Maria, the Girafarig that also belonged to Marcus. She stood firmly on all four hooves, looking up at him.
"How else do you want me to act?" He growled. "Do you want me to be all happy in this horrible place?"
"Come on Trevor! It's not too bad in here!" Maria chirped happily. It's the only time we get to ever relax."
Maria was always a strange one to him, because they were completely different. They were friends regardless, but he still found her odd, and sometimes a little annoying; at least when they first met. Now it diminished and he enjoyed her company. Personality wise, they were polar opposites, but this only made them friends. Trevor was a very serious one, straight-forward, sarcastic, and even with drawn from others. To complete all this he had a nasty temper to boot and was very dangerous when provoked or confronted. But once you got to know him, once you really got to know him like Maria does, he isn't all that bad; you know what sets him off, how to approach him, and when to leave when you know he's done with you. But with Maria, he always seems to never lose himself around her.
Maria on the other hand was very chipper and bright-spirited, in contrast to Trevor's sight on only the negative side of the situation, and life for that matter. She loved to just run around and have fun, exploring the unknown lands, a love she developed from traveling with Marcus; she constantly tried to get Trevor to engage in her adventures, to just relax and not worry about whatever was on his mind, and just have some fun for once. While most were turned away from Trevor she always tried to help him change, bring out the best in him and maybe become better friends with him.
"How can you be so happy while we're in here Maria?" Trevor said, looking at her from the corner of his hardened eyes. "Marcus left us in this damn place with the old people. I'm sick of it; I can…barely stand it."
"He always comes back for us, you know that Trevor." The Girafarig said. "Why does it make you so mad?"
The Feraligatr growled. "Because it's degrading; Pokémon don't belong in a place like this. Powerful Pokémon don't…"
"Don't what? Play?" she said teasingly.
The Feraligatr squeezed the wood tighter and it made a loud cracking sound as it started to split.
"Calm down Trevor, it was just a joke!" she said, pawing at his tail with her hoof. "Marcus will get mad at you if he has to pay for any damage you cause! Remember what happened back at Hoenn?"
"That Linoone was asking for it."
"I don't think breaking his leg was the appropriate, or the nicest way to tell him to go away."
Trevor gave her a look. "Maria, how long do you plan on keeping this up?" he said with a slight chuckle
"Trevor, how long do you plan on standing at this fence all day?" Maria asked.
"….Until we leave."
"Marcus left us only ten minutes ago; he won't be back for another few hours." Maria replied. "Come on! Do something! Play with me for once!"
Trevor's face began to turn red. "I don't want to."
"You need to stop being so dull." Maria said impatiently. "Have some fun for once!"
"I am not dull!" he defended.
"If not then prove it!" Maria said. "Chase me around the yard. If you're not dull then have some nice relaxing fun with me!"
Trevor hunched his shoulders, digging his claws into the broken wood. "You're so persistent my dear. Maybe I just don't want to play."
"You never want to play!" whined, stomping her hooves on the ground. "Stop being so boring! Play with me!"
Trevor closed his eyes, and ignored her. Maybe if he waited and ignored her long enough she would finally get the message. He waited, and waited, and waited. And she waited for his answer. Several silent minutes passed like this, with no response from either one.
"You're so boring!" the giraffe whined before she turned and left her friend alone.
Trevor turned his head and looked over his shoulder at the small Pokémon. She ran around the fenced in yard like a Rapidash in a race, currently at the moment ignoring the large male. The wind blew over her body as she ran, as she made twists and turns around the yard. Trevor turned around and leaned against the fence, watching her now. His temper having cooled down now, he smiled slightly and crossed his arms. The Girafarig noticed this and stopped her gallop.
"I see you've changed your mind. Will you play now?" she giggled, shuffling around on her hooves and shaking her tail.
Trevor quickly shook his head. "No no, I'm just watching you, that's all."
Maria cocked her head. "Yeah right. I see that look in your eyes every time you watch me enjoy myself. I know you Trevor, you want to play but you just don't want to look all un-tough."
She giggled at the red shade that came across his face. This always happened when she teased him about his toughness.
"Come on Trevor! What do I have to do to get you to play with me?" she said, running around in circles again. This time however her hoof hooked onto a rock and she squeaked in surprise as she went tumbling forward, into a messy heap on the grass.
"Maria!" he exclaimed, going to her to make sure she was alright. Maria rolled over to face him, but the top of her head was glowing a light blue. Before he knew what happened she rammed her head into his stomach, knocking him to the ground several feet away with the wind knocked right out of him.
His abdomen hurt like he'd been punched square by one of Regigigas's massive fists. He rubbed his stomach and sat up to see Maria standing up on all fours, perfectly fine and giggling like mad.
"You…you faker!" he exclaimed. "You tricked me!"
"I can't believe you fell for that!" she laughed. "That's the oldest trick in the book!"
"That wasn't funny Maria! That Zen Headbutt hurt like hell!" he slowly stood up.
"Come on it couldn't have hurt that bad. You're one of the strongest Pokémon I know! You're like a brick wall when it comes to attacks!"
Trevor shook his head and chuckled slightly. That attack did hurt but it surprised him more than anything. He foolishly forgot that Maria liked to play stuff like that on him all the time. Trevor knew this was just another attempt to get him to play, but maybe this time he should play her little game.
"Trying to get me to play with you huh?" he smiled, showing his sharp, impressive teeth.
"Maybe." Maria said innocently. "What are you going to do about it?"
Trevor took in a long breath, water flowing up from the chambers within his body and filling his mouth. Blasting the water from his mouth it shot in the form of a Hydro Pump, the thick plume of water going towards her fast.
"W-What the…?" Maria exclaimed before the water engulfed her entirely. The water forced her against the fence and battered her body until the flow died down and she was left soaking wet, coughing out the water that forced itself into her mouth. Shaking her head and neck to dispel the water she breathed heavily from the brief lack of oxygen. Trevor had a smile on his face and she shot him a glare.
"What…what was that about?" She exclaimed. "You could have killed me!"
"I'm just returning you invitation." He said matter-of-factly, like she wanted him to return with his own attack.
"Invitation?" she said getting up on her shaky legs. "Do you finally want to play?"
The Feraligatr got down on his hands, in the running position. "There's a first time for everything." He said before he took off running, charging at her.
Using her agile reflexes she darted to the side to avoid the Big Jaw Pokémon. Despite his heavy weight he made a sharp turn in the direction she took, barely nicking the fence; one second thought could have propelled him through the fence. Maria's legs, well developed after much physical activity, were able to keep her ahead of him. She ran around in the complete circle like she did before and Trevor kept running after her.
"That's right Trevor!" Maria said excitedly. "Chase me! Chase me!"
The ground shook as he ran his hands and feet alternately pounding on the ground. He panted heavily, his chest already starting to hurt, but he kept up the chase. Boy, Maria sure was fast.
The Long Neck Pokémon looked behind her to see where Trevor was. Much to her surprise he was right behind her and getting closer and closer.
"I'm going to get you! I'm going to get you!" the reptile repeated, like he was taunting her to run faster. Marie turned her attention back ahead of her, her legs carrying her as fast as they could.
"Must…run…faster..." Maria told herself in her mind. Trevor wasn't going to hurt her, she hoped he wouldn't, but this became one of those moments where you're not sure what they're going to do; they could just be trying to scare you, or they could seriously be trying to actually hurt you. The giraffe didn't know what her friend was going to do, so she just kept running.
Trevor could see her speed beginning to slow; she was getting tired, it seemed. He smiled and licked his maw like he was a predator about to make the kill on his prey. Once she was within range he stuck out his hand and grabbed her side, forcing her off her feet and onto her back, while they were still moving, and they skidded across the ground leaving a large drag mark across the grass. They slowly came to a halt with Trevor over her, his hand still at her side and the other planted on the ground.
"Got'ya." He panted, a wide grin on his face.
Maria nodded. She was out of breath, but she was happy that for once, Trevor had some fun. "Was that…fun?"
Trevor nodded. "Yes. I haven't had that much fun…in my whole life."
Taking a deep breath to regain the energy he lost Trevor pushed his knee forward, in between her legs, as he struggled to stand up. Maria's eyes widened and she blushed madly. She jumped to her feet, almost knocking Trevor back down to the ground.
"Maria? Are you okay?" Trevor asked in response to this bizarre movement.
"Trevor…you…" she said, the blush on her face growing deeper.
"What? What's going on with you?" the reptile was getting confused.
Maria turned her backside to Trevor, looking back at him. "Trevor…t-touch there again."
"W-What?" he said, moving a hand to his chest. "Maria what's gotten into you?"
"That felt very…good. Please Trevor, do it again." Maria whinnied, backing up towards him.
Trevor just stared at her, wondering what exactly to make of this or what was even happening to the Girafarig. His orange eyes wandered from her eyes to her hind end, and that's when he saw the glisten between her brown hind legs.
He swallowed and soon however found that his hand was going to her leg, touching and rubbing it as he went further up and hesitantly touched the shimmering spot. The giraffe made a gasping sound and closed her eyes, panting as a strong pleasure went through her. The Feraligatr monitored his actions carefully to make sure he didn't do anything wrong. As an experiment he slowly pressed his claw against her slit and felt wetness against his finger.
"Ah…more, T-Trevor…" she moaned, bending down and folding her front legs, lifting her bottom into the air. Her hips began to rock back and forth slowly as Trevor pleasured her with his claw, which was roughly the size of a Pokémon's cock that a Pokémon her size would be able to take. The stimulation made her swell, getting large and grow larger, and she panted softly. She looked back at her companion and locked eyes with him.
"Trevor…m…m-mate…me…" she blurted, taking Trevor off surprise and making him take in a sharp breath. He knew Maria was a virgin, but what he didn't know was how this would work; there was a very high possibility that he would be too big for her, that he would injure her in the process. But, whether she knew it or not Trevor had very strong feelings for her, he loved her in fact. And if she wanted him to do this, if she needed it, maybe…he could take the chance.
"Yes, Maria." He nodded. "I'll do it." He said, rubbing her side with his other hand. He pressed his finger deeper in and Maria gasped loudly, the rocking of her hips coming to a stop as they shook, splattering her flowing juices onto his scaly blue skin. Her moans increased in tempo as he fingered her clitoris and thrust her hips back against him. He rubbed her opening with two of his fingers making the young giraffe moan.
"Does that feel good?" he asked her. The normal type craned her neck to the side and looked back at the large male.
"Wonderful…very good." She whinnied softly, her voice as soft as a whisper. Trevor could smell the arousal that coated his hand like a fine gloss. It made him hot on the inside and he breathed in the cool evening air through his mouth to cool himself down, but it didn't seem to work very well. He cocked his head sharply to the side, cracking his neck before he pulled his now wet fingers from her clit, which had a large buildup of clear fluids. Trevor sniffed his fingers and smelled the extremely sweet smell that covered his claws. Then he tasted the female cum, and it became a taste that he immediately liked.
Grabbing her sides Trevor moved Maria down on her side then on her back. The reptile got over her and leaned down on one arm to get as close to the smaller Pokémon as possible without laying on and crushing her with his immense weight. She stared up at him, his form looming over her and blocking her view so all she could see was him. Trevor slowly lowered his head down to hers and carefully touched her mouth with his, kissing her gently. Maria blushed harder graciously accepted the kiss, taking light and slow breaths. His other hand moved to the back of her head and he lifted it up to deepen the kiss, if even possible; his tongue was too big to fit inside her small mouth but he was able to push a few inches of the fattened tip inside. Maria's eyes widened and she moaned softly against it, only to be muffled entirely by his smooth and slimy appendage. Because of his tongue any and all noise and breath through her mouth was constricted making breathing harder.
Maria lifted her hooves and pressed against his shoulders, moving her small tongue across the fat end of his. Trevor moaned and while balancing his weight on his knees he massaged her body with his hand, pressing his claws into her smooth skin, rubbing the short, almost nonexistent fur.
Trevor disconnected from her mouth and the two stared into each other's eyes. He rubbed the side of her face with his claw, then he kissed her long neck, trailing his tongue across it and saturating her skin with his saliva. The Feraligatr gently bit her neck making Maria shiver and the flow from her clit faster.
"Ugh…T-Trevor…uh…" Maria moaned. The male released her and went back to licking her. While he did this he opened the pockets in his mouth and allowed water to flow out, soaking her body where he then swirled his tongue around her chest and stomach, and the female whimpered in pleasure. He went further down, his tongue dragging across her front until he reached the top of her clit; there he slid his tongue across the surface, covering the whole thing. He stroked her with his tongue, moving up and down vigorously making Maria's liquids flow more. Maria moaned loudly as he poked and prodded her opening, tasting more of her fluid.
"How's this? Trevor spoke up in between his licking.
"Oh…it's so good!" she cried, thrusting herself up against his mouth. He tasted and smelled her, the scent and the sight of her making his member, his own arousal, hardening and stiffening, coming out from the slit between his legs. Trevor grunted as the cool air hit his organ and sent pleasure through him.
"Trevor? Are you ready?" she said, beginning to breathe lightly.
"Are you ready?" he said; the question was truly meant for her.
Maria nodded slowly, her chest heaving up and down. Trevor stood up and the female's eyes widened when she saw his thick, massive shaft, eyeing and studying its every detail, with both lust and fear. Trevor took her sides in his hands and picked her up and set her down on her hooves, holding her sides as he pulled her towards him. The Girafarig watched his movements, wondering for each second what he was going to do. With the size of his girth, Trevor had to hold the tip of his member and guide to her opening.
"May I go?" he said, looking down at his lover.
Maria sighed and nodded. "Y-Yes. Please…be gentle."
He took a deep breath and slowly, gently, pressed his tip against her opening and the female moaned at the feeling of the pleasure going through her, shooting through her body, spreading down her legs and up to her neck. Trevor strained, pushing himself forward while pulling her towards him. Maria screwed her eyes shut and winced as she felt it begin to enter her.
"T…Trevor," she started to mewl, beads of sweat going down her head. "You're…*gasp* pushing so hard…"
Trevor's muscles tensed as he kept pushing and pushing, getting only a few inches in the whole time. Sucking in a deep, long breath he pulled her off before, as hard as he could, pushed more of his member inside.
Maria's eyes widened and she let out a loud, agonizing scream as the massive male organ tore through her and her entire body rang with massive amounts pain.
"T-Trevor!" she cried, clenching her eye lids as tears forced themselves out and poured down her face. "Ah! I-It hurts…!"
Trevor quickly pulled from her and saw that there was a small amount of blood on his length. "I…I'm sorry Maria. Are…you alright?" he asked, afraid that he hurt the female.
Maria looked at him, smiling while small tears went down her cheeks. "It hurt…but I wasn't…really ready." She replied, spreading her legs apart. "Please go back in."
Trevor was now aware that Maria's scream attracted a lot of attention and a few people were watching them. Not letting it bother him for the moment he pushed back into the giraffe who let out a long, pained and pleasured sigh as the large reptilian cock pushed its way through her, impaling her on the rod. Maria tossed her head back and hung her tongue from her mouth as Trevor thrust his cock in and out of her at a slow and relaxing pace.
"Urk…Ah…It's…It's so big…" she moaned, her legs shaking from the intense pleasure/pain that spread through her. She pawed at the ground, scraping her hooves against the grass. Trevor clenched his teeth and thrust through her tight walls, sucking at him and sending more liquids out. He held onto her hips firmly without digging his claws into her skin, thrusting only in halfway, so he didn't possibly make her bleed out or even kill her.
"Trevor…It feels…so strange…inside me…" she panted, her moaning going up in rate and pitch.
"Are you…in any pain?" he asked her.
"N-No…I feel…amazing…" she said, shaking her head. "Oh…Ah…Ah…Trevor…Trevor…"
Trevor swished his long thick tail across the grass as he pushed slightly more in making the Pokémon gasp loudly. The male genitalia that rubbed her sensitive vaginal nerves, was making her so hot, on both the inside and the outside. Was this kind of pleasure even possible? She looked back at the Feraligatr and watched him, watched him as he pulled his hips back and her body forward, before he brought them both close together, producing an odd squishy sound made by his dick passing through her liquid-filled pussy.
"It's so…good inside you Maria…" Trevor grunted, snapping his colossal, deadly jaws together as he started to go faster and harder.
"Oh! F…Fu…Fuck me…harder, Trevor…" she said dazedly, losing herself to the ecstasy. Trevor gladly complied. He pulled himself back and pulled her towards him when he slammed his powerful hips against her, pushing all of his massive length into her. Maria screamed, her upper body collapsing to the ground. She was impaled on the reptilian meat, not a single inch of her was left untouched. The normal/psychic type felt like she was going to pass out. Her breathing and moaning were quick and rigid, lines of drool leaking down the front and corners of her snout. The intense feeling made her love juices flow like crazy. Her entire body started to tense up and it was hard to rock her hips back against him.
Her moans urged the reptile on and he felt that she was ready for him to go on. He moved their bodies together and took all control, smacking her body against his, pounding the smaller Pokémon as hard and fast as he could.
"Ah…! Trevor I-I f-feel so warm!" she cried as her clit pulsed madly and more liquids poured out onto the water type's incompatible organ. Her body arched and spasmed as a massive torrent of cum poured from her, spattering onto the grass. Trevor panted as he pumped her drenched, wanting hole that begged for the large water reptile's rod. Water poured from Trevor's mouth, soaking his skin; he seemed to have lost control over his water production with the ecstasy and pleasure that flooded him.
"Maria…you're getting…tighter." He groaned upon feeling her walls constrict around him and drops of semen started to leak out. The Girafarig looked back at him, a pleasured, almost lost expression washed over her face.
"Trevor, I think…I'm going to cum…" she whimpered helplessly, her body in control of her orgasm that was rushing to her entrance. She spread her legs further apart which made her fluids come out faster. In response he rammed her hard like he was out of control and Maria cried out as all of a sudden it hit her like a surge of electricity that spread through her veins and shocked every nerve inside her. With a loud, long scream her cum burst clear of her clit and drenched the Feraligatr's cock. Feeling the force of her cumming he pulled out of her and allowed the fluid to pour from her in mad plumes. Maria's body trembled as the orgasm went on and more poured from her. She whinnied and whimpered until it started to subside, and that's when Trevor smashed back into her, making Maria scream. He grunted and growled as the tightness of her womanhood, that he had to squeeze through, made him cum. He released his seed into the giraffe, filling her with his load.
"Trevor! There's…so much of it!" she cried as she felt the male's seed empty into her in straight, hard streams that kept coming and coming. His semen was both hot and cold; the temperature seemed to alternate and it made her body shake. Her womb expanded as the sticky, cloudy fluid filled her entirely, leaking from her entrance to the ground. Once the final shots of seed came out the two lovers stayed that way for several minutes, staring and smiling at each other, their panting intertwining. With a very slow movement he pulled his slacking member from her, letting the mixture of their fluids leak to the ground.
"That was incredible…" Maria panted, lowering the rest of her body to the ground.
"It was. Yes it was." Trevor replied. He sat down next to her and kissed the top of her snout, stroking her back gently. Each knew what the other was thinking. "Maria, you were right."
"Right? About what?"
"Day-Care Centers really aren't that bad."
Maria giggled. "I told you they weren't so bad."
Vector pawed at the ground, sniffing like he was looking for the scent of prey he was desperately searching for.
"Vector, are you still searching for that scent? His friend Rebel, a Luxray, said as he followed behind him.
The Houndoom lifted his head and sniffed the air. "I know it's still around here. That Bidoof won't get away from us."
"There will be many Bidoof in Sinnoh Vector." Rebel sighed, sitting down. "Just let this one go. It's no big deal."
"No big deal?" Vector said. "We've never been outsmarted by prey like this before!"
Rebel chuckled. "Your powerful predatorial drive is so amusing it's almost funny."
Vector couldn't help but turn his head away and blush slightly at his best friend's teasing. Since they were a Shinx and Houndour respectively, they were friends, and their friendship got stronger over time. Eventually when they decided to leave their packs in search of a better life, they joined on their journey and have been traveling together since. They hunted together and shared the food they ate; they lived off the support of each other. Vector had the better smelling than the two so he could fish out food and possibly shelter, while Rebel had an excellent sense of direction; it was like he had a compass built within him. He could point out North, South, East, and West, all without even looking at the direction of the sun.
"You okay Vector?" Rebel said upon seeing his head turn.
The hell hound looked back at him, trying to conceal his blush as well as he could. "I'm fine. Don't worry about me. So where do you suppose we go next?"
Rebel wagged his tail slowly and closed his eyes, making no noise or movement; this indicated he was deep in concentration. At this time all Vector could do was wait. If he interrupted or tried to talk to Rebel his focus would be broken and he would have to start over again. Rebel's eye lids twitched, like he was some kind of psychic Pokémon. Rebel slowly turned his head back and forth to the side, like a real compass.
"We turn…" he said in his deep, focused voice. Vector shuffled on his feet a bit; the sound of Rebel's voice like that made him warm on the inside, but he was able to fight it. "We turn…" his head turned to the right and stopped there. He opened his eyes and stared off in that direction. "We go this way."
"So we go that way hmm?" Vector sighed. "And where should that take us?"
"If my senses are correct, it should take us somewhere near Lake Verity." He replied.
"Good," Vector said, licking his muzzle. "There should be plenty of Bidoof there to chow down on."
Rebel smiled and chuckled. "You sure do think of food a lot."
"That's what happens when you're hungry." He smiled.
"Alright my hungry friend," the Luxray sighed. "Let's get to the lake so we can find you some food."
Rebel stood up and went in the direction of their intended destination, and Vector followed behind him.
"Rebel, why did we stop before we reached the lake?" Vector said to his friend curiously. "Why didn't we go all the way to the lake?"
"If we stop at the lake we'd be putting ourselves at risk of being seen and possible captured by trainers." Rebel replied as he rolled over on his side, his back facing Vector.
The dark/fire type sighed and laid his head down on his paws, staring at the electric type's back. Vector and Rebel were good friends, yes, and as friends they never kept secrets from each other; secrets kept from each other can possibly tear down the foundation of friendship. But he did have one secret that he kept from him for a long time; Vector was gay.
Homosexuality was never widely accepted amongst Pokémon. Sure it wasn't unheard of but it was still not accepted in society; it was considered a sin. This was especially true in his pack, and he knew the same rule applied for Rebel's pack. Since they were young Vector liked Rebel, as a friend but at the same time had a tiny crush on him. But as the years progressed and as they evolved, their bodies changing along the way, the affection started to get stronger. Then when Rebel invited him to join him on his journey to find a life for himself, it was like a dream come true, on the inside. He could keep his feelings to himself, for their friendship, but when he began to have dreams about the two of them together, it was getting even more difficult to be around him without getting a warm, fuzzy feeling on the inside.
"Hey Vector," Rebel spoke up, rolling on his stomach and laying his head on his large black paws, like Vector was. "Have you ever thought about finding a mate?"
"Oh no…" Vector said in his mind. He almost wanted to blurt out "Yes Rebel, I want you as my mate", but he knew better than to act before he thought, like that.
Vector shrugged his thin yet muscular black shoulders. "I don't know Rebel Yell," he said, using the little nickname he's given him since they were pups. "I've thought about it every now and then. But who hasn't?"
"True true," Rebel admitted.
"Have you ever thought about it?" Vector said.
"You said everyone thinks about it, so I guess I have too. I've given it some thought; I've always wondered what it was like to spend the rest of my life with someone that I love dearly."
Vector wondered the same thing.
Rebel continued. "My parents always told me that someday, I might leave the pack and search for a nice, beautiful female that I could make my Alpha female, and raise my own family with, and possibly make my own pack."
"That's pretty nice." Vector sighed, trying to hide the sound of disappointment in his voice.
"What about you?" Rebel said. "Have you ever thought about when you'd search for a mate, when we separate and go on our separate paths?"
His heart beat went up and he started to sweat a little. "When we…go on separate paths?
"Yeah. I mean, I figured you wouldn't want to stay with me your whole life, that at some point you would feel, I don't know, weighed down by me."
The dark dog shook his head. "No, I wouldn't feel that way. You're my best friend. You don't and would never weigh me down."
Rebel smiled. "Thanks man. I appreciate that."
Vector nodded in affirmation. So Rebel had some thoughts about separating? Did he want to leave and search for his own destiny in life? That was his worst fear in life, Rebel leaving and starting his own separate life and raising his own family, leaving him feeling alone with his dreams dashed. The thought of Rebel not being by his side made him sick to his stomach.
The Luxray got to his feet and stretched his powerful forelegs, pushing his hind end back against the air. The other male swallowed nervously and got an instant mental picture that made him feel warm.
Rebel shook his head like he came out of a long sleep, and then licked his chops. "I'll be right back Vector. I need to do something real quick." He turned around and started walking away, towards Lake Verity.
"Where're you going?" the Pokémon said, lifting his head up.
Rebel looked back at his friend. "I'll be back soon, don't worry." He scratched behind his ear with the claws on his hind paw before he disappeared into the trees.
Vector sighed and rolled over on his back, staring up at the clear sky. The soft cool wind blew across his warm, red belly. The dark green grass was soft against his back and the rib-like bones on his back. He rolled back onto his stomach before he sat up and looked in the direction Rebel went. It was only a minute or two after he left but the hound was already feeling lonely. Maybe he could see what the male was doing, and it was private he would leave him alone and wait till he got back. Vector stood and went towards the lake.
Entering the tree line, Vector looked around the forest. Except for behind him there were trees in every direction. There were times like this where he wished he had Rebel's excellent sense of direction, but he had his own talent that could help him: his heightened sense of smell. Planting his nose against the ground he sniffed back and forth like a human would while using a metal detector.
"Alright Rebel Yell," he said to himself, moving the leaves, twigs, and dirt around with his long red snout. "Which way did you go?"
His head lifted up and sniffed all around the air, searching for any kind of scent that way. When he got nothing he went back to the ground and walked forward slowly, sniffing carefully so he didn't miss the trail if he managed to find a scent. He pawed at the ground, moving the leaves out of the way and when he did he found what appeared to be a paw print; a paw print that looked exactly like the kind a Luxray would make. Smiling, the hell hound immediately sniffed the print and he picked up a trail.
"There you are my friend." he said, the scent trail becoming as clear as the blue day sky ahead. Keeping his head and nose down to the ground he followed the trail ahead of him, sniffing continuously to keep track of it. The smell was leading him right to his location.
Soon beneath him the thick underbrush and piles of twigs and leaves suddenly fell away and was replaced by the familiar sight of the green grass. He discovered that the trail led him right to the clear, circular Lake Verity, the Verity Cavern sitting isolated in the middle of the body of water. Near the edge of the lake he could see a form in the water, and upon closer inspection he could see it was Rebel.
And he was bathing.
So he didn't want Vector to see him bathing? How adorable, in a sense. The hell dog sat down and watched the Luxray sit in the water, doing his best to rub his shoulders with his paws.
"Damn dirt." He cursed, narrowing his deep red eyes and growling. "I must look like a mess around Vector."
"A mess around me?" Vector thought. "He doesn't want to be a mess around me?"
Rebel stomped his paw back into the water and licked his shoulder furiously to get rid of the dirt. His black and dark blue waterlogged fur was matted to his body from his bath; he must have been there for a while. He sat in his spot and panted before moving his paw in between his legs.
"There's still one spot I need to clean…" he said before he rubbed the area, taking great care not to scratch himself.
"Oh Arceus," Vector thought as his chest suddenly got tight and he began to sweat. "He's…he's…touching himself down there…" Sure Rebel was only cleaning himself, but prior to this he'd never seen his friend do something like that before.
Rebel looked down between his legs and inspected himself. "Looks all clean." He said before he stepped out of the lake, lifting his dripping wet, powerful body onto the dry land. Taking in a deep breath he shook his body rapidly, the water flying off his fur in small and large drops, doing so until he was at least halfway dry. Amongst his dark fur something discolored caught his eye and they widened at the sight of it.
Hanging from between his legs was his thick, pinkish-red shaft.
Vector instantly started to get hard. He put his paw in front of it to conceal it but once he touched it, it just got bigger. He had gotten aroused from looking at Rebel's penis. He couldn't help it but he had to get out of here before the Luxray saw him. He stood and turned around…
"Vector!" Rebel's voice called out to him.
Too late. Vector swallowed and turned his head to the male.
"Vector what are you doing there? I told you I would be back!" he said.
Seeing there was no point in leaving he turned back around and went down to the lake. "Sorry Rebel," he said upon reaching the bank. "I got a little curious, and a bit lonely."
"Oh, why didn't you tell me? I would have stayed with you." Rebel said, turning to the lake and taking a drink of the crystal clear water.
Vector stood next to him before sitting down. Rebel's still-hard length was in perfect view, apparently unbeknownst to him. The Houndoom sighed and lifted up his paw hesitantly, and put it on Rebel's back. The canine lifted his head from the water and looked at him.
"You need something buddy?" he asked, licking his mouth clean of the water.
Vector shook his head. "No, I'm just enjoying your company."
Slowly he stroked Rebel's back, ending at the base of his tail before going back up to the bottom of his neck and starting over again, using his claws to lightly scratch him. Rebel looked at him, into his eyes. Vector looked back, not breaking his gaze.
"Rebel, we've been friends a very long time right?" he said, his hind leg beginning to shake. Rebel noticed this.
"Yeah we have, but why are you shak…" he trailed off when he looked at the dog's shaking hind leg and the long shape between his legs caught his attention and he stared at it.
"You know when you asked me if I ever thought about looking for a mate?" he said.
Rebel nodded; he was starting to sweat too.
"I lied. I have thought about it, a lot." His eyes went down between the Luxray's legs. "And the one I want for my mate…is you."
Without giving him a chance to respond he put both of his paws on the other male and pushed him down on the ground, on his back.
"Vector! What are you doing?" he exclaimed in surprise.
Without a moment spared he stood over the Luxray, staring down at him. "Rebel, this is kinda hard to say…but I…I…" he lowered his muzzle down to his neck and sniffed it, taking in his clean yet still musky scent that he never got a chance to smell this close before. "You're my best friend Rebel, and I love you."
He licked the canine's neck, dampening the soft black fur. Rebel was still surprised by what was happening but he made no action to stop it. Not exactly known to Vector, he too, wanted to do this. He touched the dog's shoulder.
"Keep going Vector…go on…" he breathed, panting slowly. Very excited to hear these words he ran his tongue all the way across Rebel's neck several times before he moved up to his muzzle, where he brought his muzzle down against his, and kissed him. Rebel opened his mouth to take in a breath and upon feeling him open up Vector slid his long thin tongue into his mouth. He made a small gasping sound but gladly accepted the kiss and allowed his friend entry. Rebel reached his paws up and stroked the Houndoom's underbelly tenderly while he kissed him back. The kiss…felt so great and they both moaned into it, feeling pleasure from the sensual mouth caressing.
Rebel wrapped his forelegs around Vector's neck and pulled him closer to deepen the kiss and heighten the heated and pleasurable experience. The Houndoom's mouth was hot and slippery, the thing that you can fully expect from a fire Pokémon. Rebel's equally thin yet smaller tongue rubbed against his and Vector felt an electrifying sensation from the contact that made his whole body tingle.
"Mmmmm…." Rebel moaned softly into his mouth, the sound slightly muffled. Vector pulled up and they licked at each other's muzzles, the kissing growing more passionate and sloppy. Their mouths wet with saliva the heat was growing between them, fogging around their bodies and their minds. Vector moved from his mouth down Rebel's body, and was soon within sight of his thick red cock, bulging out of its sheath. He gave it a nice, long lick making the electric type shudder and moan. He instinctively spread his legs apart, begging him to continue. Vector gave and evil smile and lapped vigorously at the underside of the appendage, tasting the extremely musky taste and smell. Rebel closed his eyes and panted, his breathing going labored when Vector enveloped the thin tip in his muzzle, sucking on it and gradually taking in more, all the while rubbing his tongue across every inch of it.
"Oh…so good…suck harder…" he groaned, thrusting his hips upward into his mouth. The dark/fire canine moaned against his hard length, bobbing his head over it and gently scraping his fangs against it. The salty taste of pre-cum came out of the end of the tip and he tasted it, making his lust and desire stronger. His tongue fluttered across the tip, the sides, and the knotted base as he lubricated the love meat for when they would do their little act. Rebel gasped and groaned as his cock grew in size, reaching an incredible size of what appeared to be roughly nine inches. Vector was amazed at how big he actually was. Not able to take the anticipation he released him from his mouth.
Rebel looked up at him. "Why…did you stop?"
"I'm ready for the best part." He smiled devilishly, no pun intended.
The Luxray immediately rolled over on his feet and stood up, moving his tail out of the way and exposing his anus to him. Rebel looked back at him.
"Well what are you waiting for?" he said in a lusty tone. "Mount me Vector…"
"Oh, I thought you would want to be on top?" he said.
"We'll switch, after you cum inside me." He panted, shaking his ass seductively.
The Houndoom licked his muzzle and lifted himself up onto Rebel's back, holding his muscular hips with his forepaws. Rebel moaned as he felt the male's weight on his back. Vector rocked his hips forward as he attempted to penetrate him, but to no success and prodded his legs and behind, missing several times. His patience growing short and after several more desperate tries he felt the heat of his anus at his tip and he immediately pushed into the tight entry way.
Rebel's eyes widened and he gasped in pain as he felt that long hard organ inside his anus, a place that wasn't built for that kind of object. He let out a rigid breath and clawed at the ground with his extended forepaws.
"Does it hurt too much?" Vector asked as he prepared to pull out. "Do you want me to stop?"
Rebel looked back at him again. "No. Please continue."
Vector nodded and slowly thrust into Rebel's anus, gradually going up in speed. There was pain that shot through his lower half, but it wasn't a bad pain; it felt…good. The Luxray panted heavily, moaning as his lover pumped his tight ass, feeling his muscles relax around him as they stretched to accommodated his girth. Rebel spread his legs apart and pushed against Vector to allow him to have more access to his ass. The hell hound grunted as his hole tightened nicely around him, pushing half of his cock into the fellow male.
"Ah…Ah…s-so…good." Rebel moaned, his member throbbing as the black dog fucked his ass. "Deeper, please…"
Vector complied happily and pushed more of his thick rod into Rebel's anus. The male Luxray let out a soft yet raspy groan as the other canine on top of him thrust rapidly, ramming his muscular body against his own. His body covered in sweat, he was hot from the burning needle inside his rectum and he knew once they were done he would have to take another bath; a nice, long one.
The two canines moaned and panted as the wondrous pleasure sunk in and that was all they could feel; pleasure. Nice, steaming pleasure. Rebel thrust himself back against the Houndoom's shaft, taking in as much as he could. His tongue hung out of his mouth as he emitted a long moan of pure bliss.
"Don't stop! Don't ever stop!" he exclaimed as a sharp wave of pleasure went through him when Vector hit a special spot inside him.
"I wouldn't dream of it…" Vector panted, already thinking of having Rebel in him. He groaned loudly as he felt the incredible pleasure from the tight anus around him. Bearing his teeth and growling from the deepest regions of his throat he lunged down and bit the scruff on the back of his neck.
Rebel cried out in ecstasy as the sharp teeth dug into his scruff and he felt like he would cum at any second, drops of liquid leaking from the tip of his unattended dick. Vector pounded his ass harder, making the both of them moan in the heat of their sinful act. The muscles in Rebel's anus clenched around the invader as it hit the delicate sweet spot continuously making Rebel drool. He slammed back against the male, their sweat splashing on each other from their dampened skin.
Vector held Rebel's hips as he pumped at a more intense rate, pushing the sensitive knot against his anus. Rebel clenched his teeth at feeling the size of his knot but he made no motion to stop him. The Luxray lifted up his paw to his crotch and started to rub his red shaft furiously, aiding himself with his approaching orgasm. His mouth open he drooled heavily as the Houndoom stabbed his prostate making more thick and creamy drops of pre-cum leak down onto the grass. This felt like…heaven.
Rebel felt an incredible heat suddenly fill his anus, giving him the indication that Vector would cum soon. He rubbed his shaft faster and with more vigor as the flow of cum began to get faster and thicker until he cried out loud towards the clear sky and cum exploded from him, coating the grass as his furious paw work got faster, making more thick semen pour out of him. In the process he squeezed his ass together and clamped around Vector, making his hole tighten around him. The dog whined in surprise as the pleasure suddenly got very powerful and without any warning he shot his hot, steamy cum into Rebel's ass, filling him with the thick fluid. The heat was so extreme that his whole body began to shake as his insides warmed up like they were on fire.
Panting heavily and with nothing weighing him down Vector pulled out of Rebel and dismounted him, leaving his seed to leak out from his opening. They did it; they just fucked like animals, no pun there either. It was sinful yet it felt so good, and so right.
"You…feeling alright Rebel?" Vector panted.
Rebel smiled, straitening up. "I feel amazing…But now it's my turn." He faced him, licking his lips hungrily.
Vector turned around and exposed himself to Rebel, showing he was ready to be screwed, hard. Rebel put a paw at his hips before mounting him and wrapping his paws around him, digging them into his thighs. His love rod having regained the slack it had lost from his climax it pointed straight at him and he was growing just as eager as Vector was. The hell hound adjusted himself to help his mate line himself up. Rebel growled lustily as he slowly prodded the tight, hot anus of his lover, teasing him and causing him to toss his head back and moan loudly.
"Fuck me Rebel Yell, fuck me good…" he growled back to the male, looking back and smiling at him.
Rebel snarled back and pulled back his hips before slamming hard into Vector's ass. He cried out as the enormous shaft stretched him, more than it had for Rebel. He was bigger than he'd expected! The electric type thrust his powerful body forward, pounding his hips against his ass.
It was like he was trying to get revenge for what he did to him, to make him feel as much pleasure as he did, but maybe even more. Vector's muscles were growing weaker, sooner than he ever expected.
"Arceus, I'm so hot…" he thought, panting to dispel the heat from his body. He spread his legs further apart and lowered his front legs and body down to the grass, leaving his anus up in the air for his mate to continue their act.
The Houndoom licked his muzzle, smacking his maw together and panting heavily, his slobber coating the grass below. Rebel grunted as he slammed him hard and fast as he did to him, pulling his cock out to the thin tip and letting his hole go back to its original size, before slamming back in and stretching it again. Unconsciously Vector slammed back against him in line with his thrusts, taking more up his hole.
"How's…all this…for you?" Rebel grunted as he thrust madly, his question sounding like more like a statement. The male beneath him was loving every second of this, he could tell.
"Yes! I love it all! Fuck me Rebel Yell!" he yowled, clawing madly at the ground and pulling up lines of grass and dirt. His loud and needy moans encouraged the electric canine to do more and while digging his claws into his thighs he stuck a hind leg next to one of Vector's and forced it apart, giving him more room to screw him senseless.
Cum and blood engorged his cock making it a little bigger. Vector was in incredible ecstasy, the claws on both sets of paws digging into the ground. Vector's red cock throbbed madly as Rebel slammed into him hard and with so much speed, you could hear the loud sound of their strong muscular bodies smacking together. Their long thin tails stabbed and whipped the air, having lost control of even those simple movements to the ecstasy. The nerves in his body were tingling and screaming from the pleasure that attacked him.
Rebel pulled his hips back and roughly crashed against him and stabbed his prostate very hard. A short stream of semen poured out from Vector's member in the form of a mini orgasm that was short lived and only left him wanting more.
"Ah! Ah! Yes! Yes Rebel! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" he howled loudly in pure, agonizing pleasure while pushing himself back as hard as he could, feeling the knot press against his anus. Vector yipped like a female in heat, in the middle of her desire being fulfilled by a male's hot, juicy cock rubbing her most sensitive insides. That's how he felt right now.
"You want more? You want more of my thick cock?" Rebel growled in his deep, raspy voice.
Vector looked back at him. Who knew Rebel could get driven so mad by all the lust? Vector panted and nodded, knocking drops of sweat from his horns.
"Yes…I want…I want you to pound me and cum in my ass!" he growled in pure desire, lifting a hind leg off the ground slightly, before stomping it back down firmly against the ground as if he'd just given an order. The flow of cum from the tip of his throbbing length increased until he was practically spurting it all over the grass. Rebel pounded downwards like he was attempting to plow him into the ground. They were hot and sweaty and the air smelled of a strong odor. At this point, in the middle of the daylight, it was amazing that they hadn't attracted any attention with how loud they were.
Rebel suddenly pulled his enlarged, throbbing member from the Houndoom's anus and rolled him over onto his back. Seeing Vector laying there on his back, nearly helpless, made him lick his chops with lust. Positioning himself over him he set his paw down at his sides and thrust downwards to get to his spot, and then within seconds he stabbed back into his anus and buried his shaft in him again before setting off again. Vector cried out in pleasure at the re-entry, feeling more of Rebel's cock in much more detail in this position. Pressing his paws against his shoulders Rebel had more control over him here. The Luxray grunted, staring down at the male as he pounded his hips against his body, pressing him into the ground. Sweat dripped from his fur onto Vector's smooth body, their muscles tensing and bulging in several places along their powerful frames.
Rebel lowered his head down and firmly planted his muzzle against Vector's and licked and kissed him with his tongue and he did so back, the kiss getting very sloppy very quickly. Semen leaked in copious amounts onto their stomachs coating them with the pearly white liquid. Vector thrust his hips upwards to meet each of Rebel's thrusts, burying even more of the thick rod, even some of the red fleshy knot. Rebel bit the underside of Vector's muzzle making his entire body vibrate madly when combined with the incredible pleasure. The hell hound gritted his teeth and felt his organ twitch as he was close to cumming. He whimpered loudly as his dominant lover pounded him with no mercy.
Pre-cum leaked freely into Vector's anus and he started to tingle again; there was electricity in his cum, and it was making him hot. The lusty grunts and growls of both males drowned together with the intensity of their romping that never seemed to let up.
Vector's body began to arch and he could feel an incredible orgasm coming. He whined and pushed harder against Rebel, digging his claws into his shoulders. The Luxray roared and bore his fangs as he pressed half of his fat red orb into Vector stretching him even further. The black dog clenched his eyes and snarled as he felt the pain and pleasure spread through him, all heading down to the same location. Rebel pulled on the knot and pushed on it as he struggled to get it all in, making more of his electrified seed squirt into him. After several repeats of this he gave one final hard thrust and pushed his entire knot into Vector's ass.
The dog's back arch backwards as it stretched him to his capacity, and at the same time his cum sprayed all over their underbellies, coating their stomachs with thick white liquid. Moments later as Rebel wiggled the knot around inside him he was squeezed wonderfully by each muscle inside him. He was sent over the edge of pleasure. Like an active volcano on the verge of eruption his cum burst out into Vector in thick hard streams, electrifying his insides and sending ecstatic shivers through him that made him whimper. While he came his knot tied with him; they were tied by his knot. The feeling was unbelievable.
They stayed in that position for several minutes, breathing heavily from the energy loss and they just stared at each other.
"My Arceus…that was amazing…" Vector panted, smiling up at him.
"Yes…it was," Rebel grunted. "It was great."
Vector looked down at their connected bodies. His lower body was lifted up off the ground from his knot buried inside his anus. There was a little bit of pain spreading through him but he could handle it. Rebel kissed him again, both of them licking at their lips. Several more minutes passed before his knot finally deflated and went down in size and Vector's waist fell down to the ground, Rebel's dick falling out of him.
With whatever remained of his strength he rolled over and stood to his feet. His anus was very sore.
"Man, I'm going to be hurting in the morning." He said, looking back at his bottom.
Rebel rubbed his waist with his paw. "Do you have any regrets about what we did?"
Vector looked at him and licked the side of his muzzle. "No way. I'm so glad we did that."
Rebel looked at his body, seeing the thick semen covering his stomach. "Boy, I think I need another bath."
The Houndoom looked at his body too. "Yeah, I think I do too."
Rebel looked at the lake, then back at his lover and smiled. "Let's take one together. Does that sound good?"
Vector licked his lips. "That sounds wonderful." He chimed, before the two dove into the lake together.
Eternia Forest was cold, of course. It seemed that no matter what month, no matter what season, fall, winter, spring, or even summer, it was always cold. In the summer it was chilly, and in the winter it was so freezing it was dangerous to be out here. People have said that the cold air was coming from the Old Chateau at the far north end of the wood, but others – people who aren't superstitious – say the chill was simply blowing in from Snowpeak. No one could really prove what the reason was.
Alexis unscrewed the cap off the blue thermos she brought with her and poured herself a cupful of the warm water. Taking a long drink the liquid flowed nicely down her throat, instantly warming up her insides. She sighed and looked around the quiet forest. She loved this time of the year, between the end of fall and the beginning of winter, when the air began to turn from the soft chill to the bitter, biting cold.
Screwing the metal cap back on the thermos and attaching the cup/lid on top, the girl stood from her resting spot and swung her backpack over her shoulder, adjusting her light green scarf before setting out on her way. It was very strange, she hadn't seen any other trainers all day; the forest was usually…teeming with them like wildlife. But she hadn't seen one at all today. Alexis was getting very uneasy, not only from the lack of trainers, but by the fact that she'd seen that same exact tree three times already in the past thirty minutes.
A snap to her left made her jump. She stared into the forest, not a single inch of her body moving except her eyes, like she was a camouflaged animal hiding from its most dangerous predator. She had a powerful, eating feeling that someone, or something, was following her.
"W-Who's out there?" she called out meekly after several silent moments. "Whoever you are, show yourself, if stalking me is so important to you."
She got no answer. Still feeling a bit uneasy, but realizing it was nothing, Alexis scoffed and kept walking. Whoever or whatever it was, if there was even anybody there, they were still following her, she could feel it, and it was making her nervous and a little upset. The fact there was no one else around made the whole thing a lot more frightening. The leaves continued to rustle, following her path. Alexis started to sweat despite the cool weather, and walked a little faster. But the rustling continued to follow her.
As she walked the black-haired girl noticed that, according to her Town Map that she long since memorized (that included the entire layout of Eternia Forest), that she should have been out of the woods by now. She'd been through Eternia Forest many times and she knew for a fact the wood was never this big. What was going on? The only answer to this question was it had to be connected to that…thing in the bushes.
She stopped, threw her backpack off her shoulders, and grabbed a Dusk Ball off her belt. "Alright you bastard!" she said in a very irritated tone. "You'd better show yourself right now, or you'll be in for a world of hurt!"
The shrubs rustled several more times before Alexis could now barely make out a dark shape in the trees. Slowly stepping from the bushes and into the light of the sun, the figure revealed itself. Alexis gasped, dropping the Dusk Ball and landing in the grass with a soft thud. She saw dark grey fur that covered a thin yet muscular body, with a long pointed muzzle on a fox-like face. On its paws and feet were three sharp, blood red claws, and a long reddish-brown mane flowed down its back, with a blue orb near the bottom which looked like a braid of some kind.
The teen was completely stunned by his sudden appearance, and she knew exactly what this Pokémon was from what Professor Rowan told her. This was a Zoroark, a recently discovered Pokémon from the Isshu Region.
"A Zoroark…" She said. "I…I can't believe it."
The dark fox gave her a sly smile and scratched his red claws together, all the while walking towards her. Alexis stiffened when she realized just what was happening; the wild Pokémon was the one stalking her and now he was getting close to her.
"Why are you following me Zoroark?" Alexis said. "Do you want something from me?"
"Rark…zor ark." the dark type replied, narrowing his eyes and widening his smile, exposing the sharp teeth in his maw. Alexis swallowed. Maybe he was hungry; hopefully he didn't want to make a meal out of her.
"A-Are you hungry?" she said, kneeling down to dig through her pack, and pulling out a small plastic container. Opening it she pulled out a normal-sized Poffin. "Have you ever had a Poffin?" she held it out to him.
Zoroark stared at it for a few seconds before he took it from her and sniffed it. Amy hoped he would like it. She had no idea on how these Pokémon behaved, but she prayed to Arceus that he wouldn't go mad and try to kill her, like at least one other Pokémon did because they didn't like the Poffin she gave it. He took a slow and cautious bite of the foreign pastry and chewed slowly before swallowing. His face lit up and he devoured the food in a few bites until his paws were empty, licking his muzzle of any remnant of the food.
"Wow, I guess you were hungry." Alexis giggled. "Was that all you wanted?"
"Zoro zoro zoroark." he said, licking his mouth again and taking a few more steps towards her, the end of his muzzle getting dangerously close to her face. The girl started to sweat more, he was so close that as she looked into his eyes, she could see he was staring right into hers, peering deep into her inner being. It didn't look like he was here just for food; was he here for something else?
Alexis reached her hand up towards his muzzle. Taking a large risk of touching this wild and unknown Pokémon she touched the top of his muzzle which was very soft. Zoroark closed his eyes a made a purring sound. He liked it. The teen smiled and moved up to the top of his head, scratching the skin beneath.
"Ark..." he sighed, poking his tongue from the end of his muzzle. Alexis started to calm down, the situation feeling much safer now. She felt that Zoroark wasn't going to hurt her, at least she hoped.
The dark type opened his eyes and they gleamed, narrowing into a glare-like gaze. He reached out and touched the top of her neck, the rest covered by the scarf she wore. Amy stepped back in surprise.
"Whoa whoa, stop right there boy," she said. "I'm not a female Pokémon. Don't get any…ideas."
Zoroark growled and went towards her again. Alexis was getting frightened. She'd heard a few stories of rare moments during the Pokémon mating season, Pokémon would trap humans and use them for sex, but this wasn't the time for mating season! Unless…unless Pokémon from Isshu have a different time to mate than others. That would be the only explanation for his behavior.
"Zoroark, you're scaring me." Alexis said. "I know you wild, as well as stubborn, but please, ignore your instincts and restrain yourself."
He didn't seem to listen to her, concentrating on exactly what his instincts were telling him to do, and they were telling him to fuck this girl. His paws hooked onto her sides and she squeaked in surprise when he pulled her toward him. The fox's muzzle was only inches away from her face, a devilish smile spread across his mouth. That gaze of his pierced her soul, freezing her in place. The girl found herself unable to move.
"Zor zorark ark." the male spoke, pulling her closer and moving her right leg between his. The Illusory Fox Pokémon grabbed her scarf and pulled it from around her neck and discarded it, showing him her neck which he immediately smelled, pressing his snout to her skin.
"Zoroark don't do this," she shivered under the feeling of his cold nose against her warm skin. "I'm not a Pokémon!" The Pokémon started to lick her neck, then growled and pulled her closer, their chests almost touching. His left paw moved behind her back and held the teen in place and his other paw went down to her waist, slipping down the front of her pants, going down her panties. He was going there now, to her special area; he really wanted to mate.
The black-haired girl breathed sharply when she felt the Pokémon's red claws run through the patch of curls between her legs. Zoroark licked her cheek like a canine, poking the skin with the rounded tip of the slimy appendage. Alexis was stuck in Zoroark's grasp.
She was so confused; she didn't know what to do. The dark fox slid his claws further down until he found exactly what he was searching for and her rubbed the female organ between his claws. Alexis blushed hard and tried to suppress the moan, but to no avail. Zoroark licked his lips then moved his eyes down to her chest, obscured by her coat. He bit into the soft fabric, pulling at it to make it tear.
"S-Stop Zoroark," Alexis said, moving his head away. "Let me…get it for you." she unzipped the front all the way down and the dark type removed it from her torso. He grabbed the back of her black shirt and lifted it up, using both paws. Alexis unconsciously lifted her arms up allowing Zoroark to pull the article of clothing off, tossing it to the ground and exposing the lacy black bra she wore underneath, the same color as her hair.
"I can't believe I'm doing this…with a Pokémon." she said, her blush getting deeper. The wild Pokémon slid his paw back down her pants and all protest was forced out of her mind when he rubbed her sensitive opening, this time poking his index claw inside her. The red claw was very smooth and hard, and felt very interesting inside her. She closed her eyes as she felt the pleasure, her juices leaking onto the Illusory Fox Pokémon's paw. He could smell the fluid that signified her arousal, and it made his shaft come out from its furry sheath and hardening, slowly growing in size.
Keeping his hand down in her panties, Zoroark gave a lusty growl and hugged her with his arm and for the first time Alexis could feel the rest of his dark fur, which was even soft than the shorter fur on his head. She was even closer to him now, trapped by a male Pokémon with a strong desire to mate. It was compromising and somewhat embarrassing situation
"Zoror ark orark." he spoke, squeezing his arm around her and edging his muzzle towards her mouth. Alexis gasped when he locked lips with her, enveloping her in a beastly kiss. The Pokémon was kissing her! But it was…kinda warm, the kiss. The teen closed her eyes and moaned softly against the Zoroark's. While kissing her he pressed his palm against one of her soft bra-covered mounds and she mound louder in response when he gave it a small squeeze. She felt herself get a little wetter.
The bipedal fox wrapped his claws around the piece of fabric that connected her bra and pulled on it with his superior Pokémon strength. Alexis reached behind her back and unhooked the bra, which left her body like the clothes before it. Zoroark began massaging her right breast, fingering her at the same time. Alexis gritted her teeth at the incredible feeling, her face and chest growing hot and sweaty.
Zoroark thrust his hips forward and rubbed his cock against the cloth of her pants and Alexis felt it. She looked down at the Pokémon's waist and her eyes widened when she saw his shaft. It was dark red in color, very noticeable against his dark fur. It was also at least a full ten inches long, and very thick, coming to a thin point at the end. But the thing that drew her eyes the most was the large and fleshy, vein-covered ball at the base.
"Oh, my God…he's so big. And he even has a knot." her insides warmed up intensely and it made her leak even more. Her pants and panties were soaked and it didn't seem to let up with Zoroark's claws pleasuring her. The Pokémon pulled on the lining of her pants but wasn't able to get much down while standing. Abruptly stopping what he was doing he pushed Alexis to the grass and she landed flat on her back.
"Hey! What was that for?" She exclaimed in surprise. Zoroark smiled and kneeled down to her, grabbing the lining of her pants again. He pulled them down slowly, along with her lacy black panties. When he could no longer pull them down with her boots in the way he pulled them off and finished undressing her. Soon Alexis was completely naked in front of the horny male Pokémon.
"Zor zoro zoroark." he said, spreading her legs apart and getting his first sight of the human female pussy, her dripping desire. He panted upon sight and got harder. His claws went down to her entrance and he slid two of his claws in to finish what he'd started.
Alexis hissed when he thrust those claws in and out of her engorged clit. The ends were of course pointed and very dangerous, and she feared they would damage her, but despite being wild he seemed to take great care in what he was doing. Liquid splashed across his claws, they were slickened and gleaming with the teen's sex juice. Alexis groaned and thrust her hips up against Zoroark's paw, taking in more of his claws. Her vaginal lips sucked at his claws when he pulled them out, begging for them to come back which he granted to her.
"Oh-Oh my God…this is so wonderful…" Alexis moaned pushing herself up against the male's paw. Zoroark purred softly, taking great delight in the human's pleasure. Her hole burned with want and desire, desire for the pleasure Zoroark gave her. The dark fox stuck a claw on his free paw in his mouth and covered it with his saliva, then coated it with some of Alexis's ejaculate. This claw was then inserted directly into her ass. The girl's eyes widened and she at the sudden feeling at the invader in her anus.
"Ah! Zoroark you naughty fox!" she moaned as he alternated the fingering of both holes. This gave her wave after every wave of pleasure without giving her a single break.
"Raaaaarrk…" he said in what sounded like a sly tone. The dark Pokémon pulled his claws out before with one swift motion thrust them back in hard and pumped the orifices rapidly. Alexis screamed in a mixture of pain and pleasure at the rapid tempo his claws went up higher. Her tight anus dilated as it got used to the foreign object inside and Zoroark pushed more in. Her pink clit enlarged and poured out more fluid onto the male's claws. The smell, which grew even stronger, made him drool and growl lustily, adding another finger inside the human's ass. Alexis pounded the earth with her clenched fists, the pleasure so maddening that she bit down hard on her tongue and drew blood. Juices poured from her hole as they contracted around the dark type's claws.
Alexis yowled as her climax suddenly came, the walls of her pussy and anus contracting around Zoroark's claws, spraying her cum everywhere and soaking his paws. Zoroark slowly pulled his claws from her, both of her holes stretched and her anus gaping. Alexis took a deep breath to regain her lost energy, knowing exactly what was coming next.
"Come on Zoroark, I'm ready for you." she said giving him a horny grin and spreading her legs further apart.
"Ark zoroark zorark rark zor." he replied, grabbing and turning her over onto her stomach, then propping her up on her hands and knees. Alexis groaned softly as the position made her hornier. Zoroark positioned himself behind her and ran his paw up her back, pressing her down until her chest was against the ground, and was presented to the Pokémon. He grabbed hold of her hips, rubbing her skin with his wet paws. Her face grew red from the anticipation of waiting for him, and when she felt the thin tip press into her, she could barely contain her excitement.
"Shove it in me Zoroark!" she moaned as she felt the Pokémon press against her. Her body seemed to resist his entry so she relaxed her muscles to make it easier. He pushed more of the massive length through her vulva and the teen gasped at the pain, feeling just how large he was. Zoroark growled and shoved in deeper, impaling Alexis on the organ. Her eyes close tightly and she grasps the grass beneath as he thrust slowly at first and slowly went up in speed. She moaned in pleasure and pain as he stretched every inch of her insides with that cock of his. Zoroark got closer to her and pressed in further, making the young teen mewl silently at the mass of flesh inside her tightening walls.
"Z-Zoroark…" she moaned, her body shivering as she got used to his size and felt more pleasure than anything. The dark vulpine grunted as his hips moved his thrusting a bit faster. His fur was soft against her body, it was an almost comforting feeling, but it also aroused her even more.
Zoroark forced more of his massive Pokémon dick inside her making the girl yelp in pleasure when it rubbed against a very sensitive part of her insides. He leaned over her back, holding her hip with one paw and rubbing her back with the other. His claws drew light circles across her skin, making deeper indentations with every passing second. The human female ejaculate dripped down to the grass between her legs watering the grass below filling the air with the sweet smell once more.
"So big…it's soooo big…" the horny trainer moaned loudly as the cock of the Illusory Fox Pokémon slammed into her juicy opening sending shockwaves of pleasure through her. The angle he had on her was deep and Alexis found it rather hard to move. Her cervix tightened around the center of his rod and the dripping of her cum became greater. In response Zoroark began to move more erratically behind her, holding her hip tighter and digging his claws into her back. She grimaced at the pain but ignored it for the most part.
"Ah…yeeeessss Zoroark…harder Zoroark…!" her moan was low and long, her voice barely coming out with her shorts breaths. Zoroark gave a small grunt as his answer to her before he pumped her succulent opening faster and harder, resting his paw on her sweaty back like he was holding her in place.
Taking his paw away from her hip he moved it back to her anus, brushing it teasingly with the very tip of his claw. Alexis moaned helplessly when he shoved it back in and pumped her ass while still ramming his member inside. The ecstasy was maddening and it flooded her again, till she felt like she was drunk with it. Her body felt light, floating on the clouds of orgasm, which hadn't come yet. The sloshing feeling of her juices, the warmth inside her, the walls encasing him, oh it was wonderful. Alexis's tongue hung from her mouth as cum flowed more freely from her lips, drenching and lubricating him. She thrust back against him as hard as she could to get more of the love rod inside her; she wanted more, so much more.
"Zorozoroark! Zor zor zorark!" The male snarled loudly burying the tips of his claws into her back making her cry out in sharp pain. Zoroark thrust wildly plowing into her with enough force to knock her off balance. He skillfully manipulated his claw in her anus, pushing it in deeper and deeper. When he added a second claw like before Alexis's moans became high pitched yipping sounds; she could just cry at the pleasure of the double penetration.
Fluids poured faster and faster out of her glistening entrance and she felt like she was on the brink of orgasm. Zoroark pulled his claws out and moved his paws back to their original spots, sliding his paw up the small of her back and resting it there. A hard thrust to her g-spot made Alexis see colored spots. Zoroark pummeled her ass with his pelvis, pushing the knot against her folds. The black-haired teen moaned at the pain from the large fleshy orb that threatened to push in and tie with her.
"Agh! Ah-Ah…push it in me Zoroark! Tie with me! Make me cum!" the trainer cried, thrusting back against the fox's pounding. The Zoroark behind her grunted loudly, pounding her ass hard, his breath coming out in growls at the end of rigged, raspy grunts. Alexis felt large drops of pre-cum leak into her and she moaned at the warmth of the seed. Zoroark could feel this too. He roughly grabbed her hips with both paws and immediately his hip movements became more erratic. Alexis gritted her teeth, her body locking in place as the pleasure slowly began to peak. Zoroark's eleven inches of thick red cock thickened and hardened inside Alexis's clit, filling her to the brim of her capacity.
"Aaah! Zoroark! F-Fu…!" Alexis was unable to complete her sentence. The seed production gradually got faster, as did the dark type's thrusting. She could feel him looming over her, staring down onto her body. She turned her head to look at him and found her prediction to be correct. Alexis watched his actions with anticipation, getting even more aroused and the flow became thicker. He would pull her body from him and pull his hips back, before bringing her and his hips forward and slamming their bodies together, doing this over and over again.
Alexis felt the burning in her chest and cunt get more intense as Zoroark pressed the knot against her while his thrusting got harder and more berserk. He scratched her fair skin with his sharp claws as he held her hips, leaving red marks along her thighs and lower stomach. The ecstasy was so strong it was only a matter of time until she came.
"Zoroark! Zoroark!" Alexis cried out loud, repeating the male's name continuously. His paws traveled to her stomach as he leaned over her further, pressing his chest to her back as he gave a very hard thrust and shoved the thick not through the girl's vulva.
Alexis screamed in agony as the massive girth stretched her insides, sending pain through her entire body. She felt like her muscles would give up on her, like she would lose consciousness, but then the pleasure came, and the walls of her vagina contracted and spasmed around the massive male member and exploded into a single orgasm that sprayed her Pokémon mate's dick with a body-shaking vibration. Zoroark clenched his eyes shut and roared loudly as he wiggled her ass around his knot. His nose pressed against the back of her neck, breathing heavily on her before his climax hit, and his thick load blasted through her cervix and into her womb, swirling around against her the walls of her uterus.
The human let out a loud and drawn-out sigh as the warm seed filled her, making her body practically weak. Her womb continued to be filled with cum and Zoroark's paws grappled to her sides, scratching her there too until his release finally subsided. The two remained tied for several minutes, neither one making a single movement except for Zoroark licking the back of Alexis's neck. The fox lightly pulled on the knot, tugging on it but he was anchored in place. Alexis took deep, tired breaths, exhausted from both of their orgasms. When the knot finally released them the girl collapsed on her stomach, and Zoroark on his paws.
"Zor ark zor zor zorark…" the male spoke, rolling his new human mate onto her back. Alexis looked up at him as he straddled her and sat down on her lap, keeping his weight off her. He smiled and liked the front of his muzzle, rubbing his paws across her chest. Alexis looked around as the forest around them began to fade around them, and they were in what looked like a different part of the forest.
"You used an illusion…to trap me didn't you?" she asked, her question answered by the devilish smile on the Illusory Fox Pokémon's muzzle.
Alexis smiled. "You naughty fox…" she said tiredly, before she fell asleep, with Zoroark on her lap.
"Vanessa, why are you giving me Chiriu?" The Kangaskhan said as her sister handed her baby to her.
"Because Jade, I'm seeing Juste today." The mother replied with a smile.
"You usually take Chiriu with you when you see that bull." Jade replied, rubbing her niece's stomach with her claw. "What makes today any different?"
Vanessa pressed her hands together while her smile got wider. "That bull always says that he can best me with his strength, so I'm going to put his money where his mouth is.
Jade looked up at her younger sister. "And just how are you going to do that?"
"With a contest of strength of course." she said. "It's a proven fact that Tauros love a good fight. He'd be crazy to turn down my offer, especially from me."
"Yeah, but if you are going to fight him just be careful. Those horns of his can gore and kill you in a heartbeat."
Vanessa shook her head. "Don't be crazy. Juste and I go way back. I know he would never hurt me on purpose, even in a contest of strength."
"Alright," Jade sighed, setting Chiriu in her pouch next to her own baby. "Just don't get yourself killed. There's someone here who needs you."
Vanessa kissed Chiriu on the cheek and patted her head softly. "Momma will be back soon sweetheart. I love you."
"Don't take too long sis!" Jade called to Vanessa as she walked away from them.
The female could barely contain her excitement as she walked through the trees, honing in on Juste's favorite grazing spot. Juste lived in a herd but for the strangest reasons he never liked to graze with them. He had a favorite spot in the forest that had the best grass in the world, according to him. But to Vanessa it just tasted like grass; plain old grass.
The sky overhead was a bit cloudy but the day was nice nevertheless. She took in a deep breath of the crisp air before continuing on. Stepping through the trees, she could see Juste's yellowish body through the trees, his horned head lowered to the grass. She smiled in delight and walked slowly over to him, carefully getting behind him until she was only several feet behind. Approaching carefully she reached out her arm and tapped his hide with her claw. The bull jumped and yelped in surprise, facing her and gasping for breath.
"Vanessa! Don't do that!" he exclaimed, blowing air from his nostrils.
"Calm down Juste." She sighed, swatting his side teasingly. "You need to lighten up a bit."
The bull snorted. "You know you should never mess with an angered bull."
"And you know not to mess with a protective parent." She shot back.
"Oh touché." he smirked. He sat down on the grass noisily, swaying his three tails across the ground. "So Vanessa, what do I owe to your presence today?"
Vanessa put a hand into her pouch giving him a mischievous smile. "Well Juste, you know who you're always saying that your strength can best mine?"
He smiled back. "Of course. How could I forget?"
"Well are you prepared to defend that statement?" she said.
He cocked his head. "And just what are you getting at?"
"Are you willing to put your strength against my own?" Vanessa challenged.
"Me, put my strength against you?" he said like she was crazy to even be offering the challenge. "What are you, crazy?"
Vanessa smirked and crossed her arms. "And what are you, a coward?" She giggled when she saw the "how dare you?" look on his face.
"I'm no coward!" Juste exclaimed, blowing more smoke and his face turning red under his hair.
"Then what are you afraid of?"
"I'm not afraid!" he defended. "…I accept your challenge!"
"I thought you'd say that." Vanessa said. "That's why I came up with a little wager."
"Wager? What kind of wager?"
"If you win, I have to do something for you, and if I win I have to do something for you. It's that simple, and it can be anything you want."
Juste liked the sound of that. "Alright then. If I win, you have to let me borrow Chiriu for a week."
The mother's eyes widened. "What? You're crazy! What would make you think I'd ever give you my own daughter?"
"Hey, you said it could be anything I want."
The Kangaskhan gritted her teeth. "Fair enough." she said. Especially with what she has planned for him, she could allow him to make that wager.
"Now if I win on the other hand…" Vanessa said, slowly trailing off with a smile spreading across her face.
"Yeah? And what if you win?" the male inquired, dragging his hoof across the ground.
"If I win, you have to have sex with me."
Juste's smile fell and his own eyes widened in surprise. "V…Vanessa? You…why?"
Vanessa tilted her head? "Is there a problem?"
He shook his head slightly. "N-No, not really. It's just that, you know, that's a big request."
"Yeah, but I'm sure you'd be able to fulfill it." She said, smiling at the look that came across his face. She was already starting to imagine what he was like down there.
"Alright…then Vanessa," Juste said standing up. "May the best Pokémon win."
"Oh I will win," The confident female said in her mind. "You underestimate me my dear bull. My skills are just as honed as yours are."
Juste clopped a few dozen feet away from, turning to face her. "Let's start off a little easy." he said, lowering his horns down and scratching the ground with his hoof.
"Whatever you want." Vanessa said, getting in a battle stance and prepping her body for his attack.
Tauros could easily charge at speeds of up to 50 mph, so she had to be careful. She could handle his strength however; she had a stronger motivation to win: Something special would be waiting for her if she won.
"Come on Juste," she taunted after a few minutes. "Give me your best shot."
He smirked, lowering his head. "Oh, I'll give you my all Vanessa."
He took off, charging at her at incredible speed. Putting her hands out Vanessa's heartbeat began to race. Her main plan was to catch Juste by his horns before he could get to her. There the first test of strength would begin.
Vanessa's fingers twitched and she sweat nervously as the bull got closer, his speed increasing. Her eyes were locked on him and those sharp horns of his that could gore and kill her in a…heartbeat.
Then the moment came. When Juste came dangerously close to hitting her, within a few feet, Vanessa reached and clasped her hands around his horns. The pointed tips came through her grasp, stopping within inches of her chest. The force of this sudden cease in motion forced her back, her feet scrapping against the grass. Slowly coming to a stop the two Pokémon were left struggling against each other's impressive display of strength.
The bull pushed against her hands but Vanessa managed to keep her hold. She strained to hold as he pushed forward and shook his head to break her grasp. He blew smoke out his nose and made a loud grunting sound.
"You're not…going to give up…are you?" he said.
Vanessa shook her head slightly and smiled slightly. "Not until…I've defeated you."
She took a step forward and pushed him back while still holding his horns. Juste snorted and pushed forward very hard, breaking Vanessa's grasp and lightly poking his horn into her torso. Vanessa regained her hold before the bull could do anymore damage and pushed him back. Staring at him she tried to lock eyes with him but he avoided her gaze; he was concentrating, concentrating on beating her. He underestimated her, though. She was stronger than he thought.
The Kangaskhan growled as she focused all her energy into her arms. Juste exclaimed in surprise when he felt his hooves lift of the ground.
"Hey! W-What are you doing?" he exclaimed as she lifted him up.
Keeping the bull as straight as an arrow she lifted him high above her head, looking up into his wide, shocked eyes. He was heavy, but her arms were powerful enough to hold his weight.
"Stop! Stop! Put me down! Put me down!" Juste cried.
Vanessa smiled devilishly. "I've lifted heavier things than you Juste, so I could hold you all day."
"No Vanessa! I'll die if you hold me up here for…t-too long!" he said, his body wiggling slightly. The female sighed. When Juste was in these kinds of situations he was always a bit of a pansy. But she liked him nonetheless. Looking up at his powerful body, she was getting hotter just from the sight of him. She was practically drooling, as was the spot between her legs.
"Alright Juste, I'll put you down, but on one condition."
"What?"
"You have to let me have my reward."
"What! No way! That's cheating!" Juste exclaimed.
Vanessa shrugged her shoulders slightly. "Then I guess you'll be up here longer. I can wait all day."
Juste stayed silent for a few moments, sweat dripping onto Vanessa's helmet. She kept her eyes up on him. Tapping her foot gently she waited, and waited. Juste's face was getting red.
"Well?" she said almost impatiently.
Juste clenched his eyes before he said "Okay! Okay I give! I give!"
Vanessa smiled. "Good boy Juste." She lowered him back down onto his feet. Juste took deep gasping breaths as the blood flowed back to the other parts of his body. "You lost Juste," Vanessa smiled. "Now you have to fulfill my wish."
Juste swallowed nervously. He only got a few second break and she already wanted sex? Geez, she had a lot of stamina. But these thoughts were quickly dismissed when he found himself becoming aroused, as she slowly approached him. Vanessa ran her hand across his thick brown mane and down his rounded back.
"Your hide feels so nice." Vanessa purred as she circled him. Juste swallowed nervously but moaned softly as she scratched the underside of his chin.
"Are you…trying to seduce me Vanessa?" he said, looking into her mischievous brown eyes.
"Do you think I am?" she replied.
"I…don't know. Are you?"
"Yes."
Vanessa's hand continued to travel across his back, slowly going down his leg, slowly down to his underbelly. She gently rubbed the short, soft fur and getting a small purring sound from Juste, and she smiled. The female slipped her hand between his legs and something touched her.
"Well what do you know?" Vanessa said. "You're just as eager as I am."
Her hand rubbed his crotch getting a loud gasp from the bull. His sheath was bulky and the organ that emerged from it was just as big. She purred slightly and wrapped her hand around it, slowly rubbing it in an up/down motion.
His member began to grow rigid and she felt herself getting wet. The stimulation made it continue growing in length and width; her body got very hot. She looked to the male, who had his eyes closed and his mouth partially open. The skin of his rod was soft and it felt warm.
Vanessa licked her lips and crawled underneath him, adjusting her body so her lower half was facing Juste's chest; he had to spread his front legs for her to fit under him like that.
Juste's cock was immense; it had to have been at least fourteen inches long. The skin was slightly darkened in several areas, light in a few others; the very sight of it made her chest rise with each rapid breath.
"My, oh my," Vanessa grinned. "You've got quite a piece of meat here."
Juste tried to respond but was instantly silenced when the female under him took the fattened tip in her mouth. Vanessa moaned softly as she sucked on the musky tasting genitalia, running her tongue across the bottom of the head.
He groaned and closed his eyes. Vanessa pulled him from her mouth to trail kisses along the sides while rubbing the soft skin with her hand in the nice smooth motion, trailing her claw across the bottom with the other. Vanessa licked his member in long strokes, wettening it and giving the bull even more pleasure.
Juste lowered his head and her dripping desire came into his view. He felt drawn to it, like it was calling out to him. Instinctively the normal type ran his tongue slowly across her damp folds. Vanessa moaned and took more of his shaft in her mouth, sucking harder and cupping his balls with her free hand. Juste grunted and shoved his tongue into her, tasting the female's sweet juices.
"Mmmff…" Vanessa rumbled, shoving even more of the bull length into her mouth, almost halfway now. She squeezed his balls harder and increased the force of her sucking. Juste snorted and thrust his hips forward pushing down her throat. She gagged slightly but gladly accepted. Her hands worked his lower regions consistently; the heavily aroused bull dug his thick tongue deeper in her pussy as a result.
She cried out on his shaft and squeezed harder, gaining some of his hot sticky liquid. Juste groaned and sucked hard on her organ, the two-way pleasure session getting more pleasurable. She produced more of her sweet female ejaculate. Vanessa moaned in between her sucking and bucked up against his snout. The hard bumpy tongue was do wonders and it brought everything faster than she expected. She cried out loudly, sucking and squeezing his privates harder as she came onto Juste's snout, squirting all over his mouth. With the hard squeezing the bull exclaimed in pleasure as he came too. Vanessa felt the thick semen explode into her mouth, a gallon going down her throat. She stopped to drink it all but when she could no longer drink she pulled from him, coughing while the remainder of the seed spilled and coated her chest and stomach.
"Wow, you have a lot in you." Vanessa giggled.
"…That was…great Vanessa." Just panted, licking his snout clean of her juice. "How was I?"
"Wonderful." she smiled, crawling out from under him and getting on her hands and knees a few feet in front of him. She looked back at him, grinning seductively knowing she was staring right at her spot.
"Alright Juste." she licked her mouth very slowly. "Let's see if you can mate better than you can fight." she said teasingly.
He sighed heavily and smiled back at her teasing remark, and got directly behind her. He jumped onto her back, resting his hooves at her sides. Vanessa breathed in excitement upon feeling his weight on her back. Juste pressed his head on her back and pushed the tip of his girth against her folds, shifting on his hooves to get a better angle to penetrate her. Vanessa shifted to help him out and eventually he was able to push his tip inside before more followed with it.
Her eyes widened and she gasped loudly as the massive size filled her, stretching her walls beyond more than what she was used to. She felt skewered on the bull's rod and she took a deep breath as her vaginal walls tried to accommodate the organ. She clenched her eyes shut and hung her tongue from her mouth in a soft, pleasured sigh.
"Yeeeesssss…" Vanessa moaned. "Yes Juste…"
He moved his front legs further up her body and shuffled on his hooves, then thrust forward hard making Vanessa gasp in pleasure. She could feel it in great detail; the soft yet rough skin, the thick cylindrical shape, everything. And she loved it so much! Juste snorted sharply as Vanessa's walls sucked and constricted around him; the mother Pokémon didn't seem to want to let him go.
Vanessa adjusted herself and straightened out to allow Juste to have full access to her, which he then gladly took by thrust half of his massive dick inside. He pulled out and thrust back in over, and over, and over again, making the pleasure flow through her nerves; Vanessa moaned loudly each time he went back in, his thrusts going up in speed. This pleasure, she hadn't felt anything like this since Chiriu was born, and it didn't feel like it did now. She hung her head and gave a low and loud moan. Her dripping sex juice created a strong lubrication between them and made the mating ride much smoother.
Juste's thrust alternated in speed and force, going from gentle and slow to hard and fast in no particular pattern. The thrust variations kept Vanessa on the edge of excitement, never knowing how soft or how rough this bull was going to get. It was incredible, intoxicating… The consistent pouring of fluids went down Juste's privates with each inward motion, wetting his balls when they smacked against her skin. Vanessa panted heavily as the hot shaft went deeper inside, causing a bit of pain as well as pleasure for the mother. Pushing through her tight cervix Vanessa's eyes widened and she grit her teeth as the muscle clenched around it tightly, making Juste grunt in pleasure as the most sensitive parts of his dick were squeezed nicely by her clit.
She took in a sharp breath and smelled her lover's strong musky scent; she moaned at the smell of it. AS Juste shoved more of his length inside her, nearly up to the hilt, Vanessa felt like her muscles would fail at any moment; the bliss was maddening and she could not get enough of it. She wanted more, and more. Vanessa lowered herself a bit, whimpering softly as pleasured, ecstatic waves quickly spread through her entire body.
"More…I w-want it a-all…" she moaned, spreading her legs further apart and lowering herself down to the ground with her behind in the air. Juste let out a long moan as her clit pulled on him and he was sent deeper in, penetrating the Kangaskhan's womb. She cried out when he came down on her, the hot burning rod spreading the hot pleasure through her veins, boiling her blood.
A dark blush spread across Vanessa's face as the male thrust hard and hilted his powerful body against her, their bodies connected by the horribly deep penetration. A fat drop of saliva dribbled down the corner of her mouth and her hands clenched at the dirt. Looking back at him – at least attempting to – to see his expression, what he was feeling. She turned her around while keeping her waist in position so she could see him. She cracked a small smile at his pleasured look; his eyes clenched shut, tongue sticking from the front of his muzzle, and smoke clouds blowing from his nostrils. She could just smile wider at how much he was also enjoying this. The muscles in her sides clenched uncomfortably so she got back into her previous position and allowed her body to relax.
"Juste…I h-had no idea you…knew h-how to please a f-female…" Vanessa panted.
He smirked. "I'm full of…surprises…"
The Parent Pokémon thrust herself back against his thrusts, producing the wet smacking sound of intercourse. Vanessa moaned continuously as he pounded her body with his cock, spreading a thick coating of pleasure across her body. Her hands worked the ground in front of her; scratching, pulling, and rubbing it in indistinct patterns.
"Ah-Agh…! Juste! I-I can…f-feel it…growing!" she gasped, the head of his girth swelling slightly. Then she felt a thin, runny liquid pouring out into her: his pre. The fluid came in large amounts and filled her womb. Vanessa groaned at this; he hadn't even come yet and she was already filling up!
Vanessa's juices came out faster, the brink of orgasm coming closer with each pounding. She bucked harder against him, her moans increasing in volume and rate mixing with the many other sounds the two Pokémon made. The blissful sensations were building rapidly flowing through her body and forcing more cum onto Juste's crotch.
The pleasure and the force of his pre were getting stronger and she knew she could not fight the powerful ecstasy. Her body was used to taking beatings from Pokémon like Gyrados and Rhydon, but this was just…so different; it was too much! The prickly sensations were like electric shocks to her system. Her slit clenched sharply around him and Juste snorted loudly as a result. A thick but short blast of semen was squeezed out in a mini orgasm, giving the bull intense pleasure.
"Oh God Vanessa…" Juste moaned. "That felt so good."
"Well don't be selfish, honey," Vanessa purred seductively. "Share some of it with me…"
The seed felt warm inside her, mixing around with the pre-cum that was already filling her. By this point after that surge of delight Juste sped up his efforts considerably. Vanessa leaned her head back and moaned louder, thrusting herself back harder against his slamming. Combinations of pre and full-fledged semen shot out in short blasts, leaking from the Kangaskhan's expanded womb into her cervix. Their sex fluids mixed together before poured onto the ground and coated the grass with the clearish-white substance.
"Juste…Ah, oh J-Juste…" Vanessa growled "I…I-I'm g-gonna…c-cum!"
Fighting the orgasm was difficult; she thought she could hold it off so they could do this longer, but it was too powerful. Vanessa threw her head back and cried out in ecstasy as her clit clenched around his dick. Her orgasm was like an explosion in her body, spraying Juste's crotch and the grass with the sweet liquid. Vanessa collapsed to the ground, panting lightly and keeping her eyes closed. Her ass stayed up and Juste continued moving rapidly in and out of her freshly juiced hole, not far behind her.
Juste found it hard to thrust into her contracted hole from her orgasm, along with his own oncoming release. He snorted and suddenly his body went rigid. He hilted his pelvis against Vanessa's hind quarters and he came, blowing a thick and hard stream of seed into her womb. She gasped and cried out as the semen pounded her uterine walls, giving her a hard tingling feeling that made her orgasm again. Her blush went dark and her head got increasingly hot as Juste's coming slowly, very slowly, came to a stop.
The Tauros remained on top of her until his member went limp and slowly slid out, allowing him to dismount. Vanessa's hole was left gaping, dripping with the seminal fluids and other liquids. She looked back at him, her tongue hanging from her mouth and the blush still on her face.
"T-That…You sure know how to m-mate Juste…" she panted.
"Thanks, Vanessa." he scratched his hoof on the grass. "You were great too…"
She smiled. "Say Juste, if you'd won the strength contest, just what would you have done with Chiriu?"
Juste looked up at her, then to the side. "Oh…nothing."
"Come on Juste, you can tell me." she faced him and rest her head down on her arms.
"Oh, well…" he turned his head and gave her a mischievous look from the corner of his eye. "You don't want to know."
A frown went across the mother's face, but then she giggled softly. "You're such a pervert Juste."
He licked his snout. "Speak for yourself Vanessa."
The sky was beginning to darken in the early evening dusk. The world was getting a bit fuzzy around the lone Pokémon that walked around aimlessly, by herself. The Pokémon was a Lopunny. A Shiny Lopunny. Physically, like all Lopunny, she had a nicely-built feminine body, natural curves in all the right places. Her breasts were nicely shaped and rounded; big, but not too big. The pink areas of her fur accentuated her femininess rather nicely and she would make a wonderful mate for any male.
This however, was not a good time for that. Earlier she came across a rather vicious Mightyena. And what happened? Well, take a look at the gash in her right shoulder, the brown fur around the wound stained dark red. The Lopunny had a harder time walking because of the pain, and she hoped no other predator would find her.
"Ugh…who knew Mightyena could be so mean?" she whined to herself, taking a break and sitting down on a fallen log. She put her paw on her shoulder and groaned softly. The bleeding stopped, thank Arceus, but it still hurt like hell. "If I don't do something with this soon, I might end up worse than I am…"
The female looked around her surroundings, trying to see where she was. Nothing around her was familiar; at least she couldn't tell right off the bat. There's really no difference between one forest and another forest. Most forests she'd lived in did not have any super-distinguishable land marks, such as a large and very tall tree or a large rock mass. Nothing like that existed here.
Lopunny sighed to herself and grabbed a single dark green leaf lying in a small puddle. The soft texture of the leaf and the water on it helped clean off some of the dirt and dried blood from her fur. She hoped she could avoid any kind of infection.
"I guess that Mightyena didn't want to mate…I never saw a male act like that before…" she said aloud to herself, recalling what happened earlier that day. The Mightyena she spotted was a big and powerful one that looked like he knew a thing or two about pleasing a female in heat. She should have taken his rather feral, filthy appearance as a huge red flag but his large bulging sheath distracted her.
She had been careless. Too distracted by her lust for sweet relief. You can never trust another wild Pokémon, especially one like Mightyena. She tried to approach so she could seduce him, but instead of getting the response she expected, he attacked…
The sounds of its snarling still filled her massive ears. He displayed the most unusual behavior she ever saw in a male; not even a Primape she saw throwing the biggest Rage she ever saw acted that way. He went into a rampage, charged, and tackled. That dog wanted to kill her. No matter how hard she tried she could not accurately recall the events that happened between him jumping on her and her escape from him.
Keeping the leaf on her shoulder as a healing aid she continued on her way. The heat was still driving her crazy, but with that wound do you think she'd be worrying about that?
More than likely, no.
"Arceus, this leaf smells like Caterpie excrement." She wrinkled her nose unhappily. Now that she had the leaf around her long enough she got a whiff of the horrendous odor coming off of it. With her luck infection was unavoidable now. She stuck out her tongue in disgust and tossed the leaf over her shoulder. She had to go back to using her paw now.
"I'm in heat, I'm tired and cold, and my pussy and shoulder hurt like hell. Can this day get any worse?"
From the bushes near her position, a dark form spied on her. It's (or more accurately, her) eyes flashed in the darkness of the foliage. She was positioned on her paws and knees to make hiding easier, because if the Lopunny saw her, she would be screwed.
The Zoroark poked out her muzzle, careful not to ruffle even a single leaf that would give her location away. Eying the form of the Lopunny, she licked the side of her long pointed muzzle hungrily. She breathed in dramatically and took in the scent of blood. The scent was very weak but she could still smell it clearly. Injured prey; everything a hungry predator could ask for. She stuck her tongue out and panted like a dog in the hot sun.
"Mm…fresh prey…and a very beautiful piece of meat at that." She snickered silently to herself, shaking her haunches as she slowly came out of the bushes. The Lopunny stopped soon stopped walking however, and Zoroark quickly retracted into the bushes to see the Pokémon turn in her direction. The rabbit's ears twitched. She either heard or was listening for something. They way they moved and lifted to improve her hearing made the dark fox want to laugh out loud.
"You rabbits are so hilarious. Those oversized ears make me want to eat you up," she started to giggle like she just told herself a hysterical joke. "That's why you're my favorite prey."
Lopunny resumed walking, cautiously, groaning to herself again and listening for any sound. With her presence detected Zoroark backed away from the tree line. No element of surprise, no successful hunt. Lopunny licked her shoulder carefully to get the rest of the dried blood she missed with the leaf. Sleeping would be hard tonight, maybe the worst night of sleep she would ever have. She knew it.
Zoroark on the other hand knew she would have the best meal ever. She stayed low to the ground, eyeing her from the bottom of the brush. While crawling she dug her sharp blood-red claws into the grass and dirt to latch on the earth. It allowed her to move forward through the forest stealthily. Stabbing the earth, moving forward, pulling out, and the process repeated as long as the Lopunny moved.
"So close, so tasty…" Zoroark purred hardened eyes locked on her prey, arching her back like a prissy Persian showing off for its trainer. She pushed a large leaf out of her way, but it came back and wacked her rear end, hard. She squeaked in major discomfort and grabbed her ass, falling to her chest. Lopunny was more than aware of her presence (though, she didn't know exactly what was hiding).
The fox fought back a tear and rubbed her now-burning end. "Ow, that didn't feel good…" she groaned, rubbing her bottom. She felt wetness touch her palms near her leaking pussy. "Damn heat. Ugh, don't worry about that now. Unless you want to starve, just keep up with your prey."
Zoroark scurried to catch up and Lopunny picked up the sound (that squeak gave too much away). She turned towards the Pokémon's location, staring at the forest. Zoroark froze instantly and made no sudden movements. One breath could give her away.
Lopunny took a step away from the danger in the forest. Whatever was in there, she wasn't going to just stand there and become its next meal. She took off running as fast as she could, but before she did she swore she saw glowing eyes…
"Great, I just had to open my big mouth! Now I'll end up a meal!" she shouted in her mind, grasping her aching shoulder.
"Cute little rabbit go ahead and run," The Zoroark took off after her, running on all fours like a wolf pursuing its prey. "But, you're slower than the others. That's no fun."
Lopunny knew to not look back when being chased, but she figured if she went out by being eaten, she wanted to see who her killer was. Just for curiosity's sake. Taking a big risk, she quickly glanced behind her before returning to the path. Whatever it was, she couldn't make out exactly what it was. But whatever was back there, chasing her for the purpose of slaughtering and eating her, it was big.
Zoroark weren't really known for their speed like say a Rapidash, but years of physical activity built up her legs nicely; she could hold her own against even the fastest Pokémon. The pain in Lopunny's shoulder was stronger than ever; it felt like a Scyther was stabbing her, shoving its blade deep inside her arm. She gritted her teeth against the pain and staggered forward until the wound got to her. She lost her ability to run and lost her balance, falling to the ground gracelessly in a heap. The fall made the pain worse.
She knew it was over; she was food. Lopunny tried to get up, but a sharp throbbing pain knocked her back down. A loud growl made her turn her head to see her pursuer had caught up with her. Her large red and black eyes widened at the sight of the large Zoroark standing there, panting and snarling like a rabies-infected beast.
"You're more appetizing up close…" she held up her paws in an attack stance, her eyes glowing brightly.
"Don't eat me, please!" she begged, holding up her paws in front of her face. "I don't taste good!"
"A female? I should have expected," the dark fox giggled in her mind. "I mean, look at her body! Look at the size of her breasts!"
Zoroark breathed in to smell the wonderful scent of blood, but instead she got the scent of something sweet and very strong. It wasn't her, so it had to be…the Lopunny. Her eyes went dark, for she wasn't going to attack, yet. Lopunny looked up at her with confused eyes, lowering her paws cautiously. Zoroark's nostrils enlarged as she breathed in again. There was no doubt about the scent: like her, Lopunny was in heat and as a result that she did not expect, smelling the rabbit's seasonal cycle made her wet.
"Heh, your scent is very strong…" Zoroark found herself purring, kneeling down on all fours and getting a closer look at the rabbit's body.
Lopunny was confused needless to say. What was the Zoroark getting at? She found out she was a female a long time ago; being hunted by another female was embarrassing enough, but this…this was strange…
Each breath the Illusion Fox took allowed more of the heat scent to flow through her nose and lungs. The blood smell was long gone and this was all she could smell; it was getting her aroused. No males, two females in heat, and by themselves. Zoroark lost her hunger and the urges she suppressed for the sake of filling her stomach, were back. She shifted into a crouching position with her legs spread apart. In this position the wind was able to pick up her scent and blow it to the other Pokémon.
"Why are you…sitting like that? You're scaring me." Lopunny lifted up on her left elbow, looking at the dark-type. Zoroark 's red canine-like tongue dripped with tiny droplets of saliva. Pushing herself forward she crawled towards the confused rabbit. She scurried back until her shoulder pain made her stop again.
"What do you think…you're doing?" she said in a frightened voice. This could all be an attempt to eat her but the female's approach made her more bewildered.
"What does it look like I'm doing?" she growled impatiently, her eyes glowing with the slightest bit of luminescence that made it hard to discern whether or not she would attack, though it was obvious what her objective was now.
Lopunny dragged herself back but was unable to get away. Zoroark crawled over her, slowly, like she wanted to add extra effect to what she was doing. Lopunny looked up at her nervously when the fox came close to her face, the long muzzle almost touching her.
"Yeah, I know what you're thinking; this is strange." Zoroark said with narrowed eyes. "But from this distance, you're more attractive than from a distance."
Lopunny didn't respond. She wasn't given a chance because before she could even say or do anything, she felt Zoroark reach up and grasp her right breast. The fox squeeze with some force and felt the hardened nipple under her palm. Lopunny gasped in surprise and whined loudly at the feeling.
"How does that feel, cute little bunny?" she giggled in a teasing voice, watching for Lopunny's reactions to the things she would do to her.
It came as a surprise to her, but the longer her paw stayed on her firm breast the more pleasant it got. She felt the waves the squeezing produce transfer down to her already-sensitive slit. Her lips opened to let more sweet liquids out on the ground. Zoroark smirked to herself with amusement. To her this was like a game; she loved to tease her mates, pleasure them in a way that left them wanting more before they even mated. It fit her nature as a rather naughty Pokémon. This would be her first sexual experience with another female; things were different but she could apply a few things here.
She took hold of her other breast and gave it a firm squeeze like the other, which made Lopunny shudder and spread her legs apart automatically. Zoroark knew she loved it, as was she. The dark fox pulled her hand away from her large chest mound and stroked her upper thigh, feeling her wetness on her claw.
"You like that?" she said, watching the bunny moan and arch her back inwards and stick her breasts out to her. Zoroark smirked and continued to massage the breast in her grasp. Her paw glided across her thighs with light touching, going slower and slower until she came to a stop over her heat-engorged folds. "You'll like this even more."
The black-furred Pokémon released her breast and slid her arm under her to elevate her off the ground. Using two claws to open her folds, she tilted her hand at the correct angle to rub her clit. Lopunny grabbed handfuls of grass as she hissed in pleasure. Zoroark giggled at her reaction.
The only verbal response she got from the Pokémon were soft moans that came with each stroking of her clitoris. Zoroark felt her own opening flaring with want as she observed Lopunny release fluids on her hard claws. No reason to leave them there without any use. She slowly pushed them inside, taking care not to injure her with the sharp tips. Zoroark loved the reaction and began working her claws in and out of her pussy while using the tip of her thumb claw to stimulate her clit.
Each inward push of her claws made Lopunny's juice build and leak out in slow but copious amounts. The fox pulled her closer by her waist but when she did so Lopunny wrapped her legs around her waist. Zoroark giggled and shifted her paw's angle to continue pleasuring her.
"Whoa, looks like someone's getting very anxious…" she cooed while licking her muzzle. Lopunny moaned and bucked on her claws, showing her just how anxious and horny she was. "Okay, that's enough of that sweetie. Let me give you a good orgasm." Zoroark pried her legs from her waist and shifted around until her head was level with her opening.
"Uh…y-yes…so good…" Lopunny moaned, throwing her head back and panting hard as Zoroark flicked her tongue across her puffy pink slit. The taste was different, but good. She ran her tongue along her insides, batting her tongue along the sensitive nerves. The rabbit cried out and thrust up against her mouth, taking more of her hot tongue inside.
"My my, such a cute little pussy…" she giggled, rubbing the rim of her wet slit. The Rabbit Pokémon screamed in pleasure and growled as she suckled on her clit, grazing it with her teeth. The stimulations of her slit made her get closer and closer to a well-needed climax.
"Ah…k-keep going! I'm g-getting close!" She growled with lust, tongue hanging from her mouth. Zoroark alternated sucking her clitoris while licking her wet, tightened pussy. Before Lopunny could have a chance to hold on she arched sharply. The fox knew what to do and closed her mouth around her before she gave a loud scream and squirted her sweet love juices in the other's mouth. Zoroark was there to get all of it, lapping and sucking up everything she could. The fluids were warm and sweet to the taste which urged her to drink all of it. She pulled her mouth away slowly, letting her go with a loud popping sound, her mouth leaking with cum and saliva, tongue dripping wet.
"Mm…so tasty, just like I imagined." She giggled and sat to her knees. "Now, let's see what else you have to offer."
"What else…?" Lopunny looked at the larger female with foggy eyes. Zoroark turned her on her side and lifted her leg up, bending it at an angle so she could position herself between her legs, pulling the rabbit back until their wet slits touched. Lopunny moaned and stared up at the large female, at her smirking face. Zoroark set her lifted leg beside her chest and leaned over the bunny's smaller body.
Lopunny moaned and clenched her eyes shut as Zoroark started moving her pelvis forward, rubbing her sensitive organ against Lopunny's. The fox growled and moaned at the intense sensation spreading through her. She kept hold of her leg and used it as an aid to move herself across her other furry leg. Her sensitive folds flared open and juice stained the brown fur beneath, mixing with those on Lopunny's lips.
"Oh…a-a-amaz-zing," Lopunny whined, watching the fox stroke her pink fur with the tips of her wet claws. She held onto the grass and tried to rub back on her but the position prohibited her movement. She could only lay there and enjoy what was happening.
Zoroark lifted her muzzle and panted heavily. The bunny's walls were velvety soft and continued spilling fluids on her. Lopunny continued staring at the moaning fox, her breasts shaking with each forward thrust. Heat built up like the inside of an active volcano, transferring through every area their bodies touched, making everything hotter.
"I knew you would love it, little bunny.." she giggled, giving a hard thrust which made Lopunny gasp and moan. Zoroark hooked her arm around her pink calf to lean forward and rub the side of her breast.
"A-Agh…so good…I'm feeling…c-close." She growled, keeping hold of the grass and moaning like mad. Zoroark smiled at her former prey, grinding their super-wet pussies together, and even though she already experienced a heat-relieving orgasm, she still wasn't as sensitive as Zoroark, who was releasing more cum by the second. Lopunny's thighs were saturated with cum and the smell was super strong.
Zoroark tightened her hold on Lopunny's leg and pulled her closer making the Pokémon squeak. Her grinding got faster and more forceful, putting a lot of hot sensations on the little rabbit. She gave a high pitched moan and grit her teeth hard pulling out the grass she held. At the rate Zoroark was going, neither of them would last much longer.
"Come on little bunny rabbit, I know you can come hard for me." The dark fox said in a teasing yet naughty-toned voice, staring down at her pleasured face. The rabbit breathed harder and harder, the pending orgasm rolling in on her like dark, rain-filled storm clouds on a clear sunny sky. She arched and let her tongue hang far from her mouth, dripping saliva as she let out moans of delight.
Their folds swelled and puffed up heavily with a bright pink color, showing they were close to cumming. Zoroark humped forward on Lopunny's soaked hole, their clits getting a piece of the stimulation. Lopunny was so sensitive she lost all control and gave a loud cry of pleasure, squirting everything she had built inside onto Zoroark's crotch. The fox laughed in delight as she watched the bunny spasm and arch under her. Her pussy tightened as it let out small rapid squirts, doing so for several moments and making her body hurt, but feel amazing pleasure.
"Ahh! Yes! Yes!" Zoroark threw her head back, crying out in pleasure at the force of her mate's cumming. Her slit tightened sharply before it burst open and allowed her love juice to flow, shaking her with tremors of pure pleasure. The cum added to the huge amounts of saturation on their fur. Zoroark continued thrust forward and making loudly wet smacking sounds, transferring fluids to Lopunny. She continued spurting until her pussy went tight shut and everything went calm.
Lopunny groaned in sweet aftermath, closing her eyes and panting softly. She looked up at the red-maned fox who smiled back at her. She lifted her paw and reached out to her, touching her black fur-covered breast. The dark-type climbed off her leg and shifted Lopunny onto her back, lifted her up by her shoulders, and set her on her lap.
"What? More? But I'm so tired…" the rabbit whined, wrapping her arms around her neck and stroking her thick mane.
"Not yet little rabbit," she growled, running her paws up her slender back. "I see you've got a nasty little wound there. Let me help you with that."
Lopunny whimpered when she felt Zoroark's tongue on her wounded shoulder. She forgot how much it hurt; the heat blocked out all the pain until now. She tightened her hold around her neck, wincing sharply.
"Come on…don't worry…I'm cleaning you…" she said in between licks, ignoring the scent of her blood. Lopunny smiled at her, the warm saliva nice and soothing. Zoroark continued licking and cleaning the wound of any excess blood and dirt.
"Thank you, Zoroark…" she said happily, getting more comfortable on her lap.
"It's my pleasure, little rabbit." She growled, stroking her right ear before giving her a kiss. Lopunny happily returned the kiss.
She ignored all pain in her shoulder; it was as if it wasn't there.
It was a day full of training for Dawn, and her Buizel. The Coordinator has been trying to teach the Water Pokémon some contest moves, but it didn't succeed really well. With a frustrated groan, Dawn covered her face, and wailed:
"Nooo...it's just not right! Every time I try something with him, he performs the move as if he was attacking some Pokémon...but this is contest training…He has to show off, but how...?" She was lost for options, and Buizel was confused, just like her. A bit disappointed, even.
"Bui bui bui buizel!" the Water Pokémon said, flailing his arms in frustration. Over and over she asked him to do something, then do it again. The Pokémon could not understand what he was doing wrong! She was training him, right? He gave her a confused look, saying the syllables of his name over and over again like he was trying to argue with her.
Dawn felt like crying. He wasn't getting it, at all. "He's trying, but...it just seems like he hasn't got the finesse for contests…" she mumbled to herself, then turned to him, and said in a sad voice, but also looking for a way to avoid making him angry "You tried...but it didn't work...maybe it's not in your nature to do moves like those in contests... I shouldn't push you too hard, Buizel. You can rest."
"Bui buizel buizel!" he said in a somewhat irritated tone, raising his paws in front of him and sending a large plume of water to his right, directly hitting a large tree. The strong Aqua Jet took the bark right off the direct area it hit, revealing the light wood underneath. He couldn't understand. His powers were strong and he could show them off, what else did she want? "Buizel buizel bui!"
Dawn watched the otter Pokémon devastate that tree, and smiled slightly, seeing how powerful he was. But, power and speed were not the things that usually worked in a contest. You need to be flashy, while Buizel was direct and effective.
The dark-blue haired girl sighed, and said, "I know you're strong, Buizel. But...a contest requires a different approach, where strength doesn't play a vital role. But I can understand your frustration. So, we'll stop the training. I shouldn't make you do things that you're not the best at...please, don't be mad."
"Bui..." he growled, turning around and not looking at her. How was this going to work, having a trainer that he didn't work well with. He didn't know what contests were, but obviously they didn't require strength; he excelled at that! He lowered his head and growled again, building up more water in his mouth to blast it anywhere, any time... Dawn was panicked, and sad. Buizel was angry, despite her attempts to calm him down...
"P-please...don't do this... I'll do anything...but please, calm down." she said again, in desperation, as a last resort. She was hurt by this turn of events, since she really liked the Pokémon. But, things went rough... He crossed his arms and turned his head only a bit to look back at her out of the corner of his eye.
"Bui, buizel bui bui..." he said, flicking his tails to the side. He could see and feel that she was hurt. He felt a little bad, since she was one of few humans he didn't despise. He sighed and looked away to avoid her gaze which was hard to break...
"I'm feeling so awful now...my own Pokémon hates me, just because I couldn't see he wasn't suited for contests...?, Dawn was sobbing, while sitting on the grass, with her head between her knees. She didn't know what to do, and was even afraid Buizel might attack her...
He looked back at her when he heard her make those sounds, and did a double take when he saw her sitting on the grass, crying. He stared at her and uncrossed his arms, turning towards her.
"Bui? Buizel bui buiz?" he said, feeling guiltier than before. He waved his arms to get her attention...
She turned her head towards him after hearing those sounds, and was pleasantly surprised he seemed harmless. But she was still very disturbed by the events.
Through the now more silent cries, she said, "Please, forgive me...I hope you don't hate me, Buizel..."
"Bui bui..." he said, nodding then shaking his head in answer to both of her statements. He sat down in the grass and looked at her, setting his paws between his feet. He stared at her, wondering what they were going to do next. Though he still felt guilty, for making her cry...
Dawn calmed down after noticing his reactions, but still breathed heavily, having hiccups from the amount of crying she had done. a faint smile appeared on her face, and she looked at him, thinking what to do now... a strange idea suddenly got on her mind all of a sudden, and her face showed hesitation and indecision.
But, she huffed at one moment, and said "I must make it up to you, Buizel. I think you're good looking, so, this is something I'd do for you. H-have sex with me...if you wish. I will not resist anything you do..."
"...Bui?" he said at that, sitting back a bit. The sudden offer from her made him look at her. She was a very good looking girl, for a human, he had to admit that. "Bui, buizel buizel buiz?" he said, cocking his head and spreading his dual tails apart.
"If you want me...I shall not resist. I will do anything you want of me." Dawn said in a serious and humble tone, taking her shoes off, then her socks, as a clear signal that she would strip fully and agree to sex, if Buizel wanted it. He stared at the discarded objects for a few minutes before looking back at her.
"Bui, bui bui?" he asked, staring at her with more focus. He sat forward again, paws between his legs again. First they fight, and now she made an offer? He just continued staring at her, but licked the front of his mouth.
She was slightly confused, as to why he didn't move in on her. She felt a bit sad, thinking he doesn't want her. But then again, maybe he does, but is puzzled by her sudden offer. "I made you angry...I know you might still feel bitter so, I'm giving you my body. As a sort of apology." she spoke, while taking her skirt and blouse off. She was now in her bra and panties., waiting for his reaction. He suddenly turned red when she took more of her clothes off and stared at them like the others.
"Bui...bui bui buizel buiz." he said, getting to his feet, eyes shifting all over her body. He lifted his paws at length with his chest and took a few steps towards her. Dawn seemed happy when he took steps towards her. She wanted to do this for him. With a solemn, humble expression, she looked at him, and slowly took her black bra off, moaning slightly. Then her panties followed, very slowly, as she kept eye contact with Buizel all the time.
"I hope you like my body." she said, blushing slightly. When the rest of her clothes came off he found himself getting excited; the eye contact she kept with him helped with that.
"Bui..bui bui bui..." he said, falling on all fours and crawling towards her. He stared at her now-naked body. He looked into her eyes and licked his lips, purring softly...
Dawn was very happy seeing Buizel show signs of interest for her body. She looked at him with a look that showed attraction. A moan escaped her lips when she realized that her pussy got wet, at the thought of being Buizel's pleasure girl.
"Yes. Do it. I'm yours...please play with my body." she pleaded softly. He looked at the area between her spread legs. She looked different than what he was really used to seeing, but this was the first time he ever saw a female human's pussy.
"Bui, bui, buizel..." he said softly, reaching his paw out to touch the surface of her opening. Dawn shivered and moaned when the orange paw touched her pussy, closing her eyes in a feeling of strange pleasure. She smiled, mumbling softly "G-Good...I like your touch, Buizel..."
"Bui...bui." he said, purring as he pressed harder on her human slit, producing more juice from her. He smelled the scent it produced and it sparked a start-up in his mating desire. He moved his muzzle closer in to sniff her.
"Ohhh...yes... I love your touch, Buizel. Please, sniff me, lick me...use my body for your pleasure..." Dawn babbled in ecstasy, already sweating quite a lot from the heated action. Her opening leaked a lot of the scented liquid which Buizel sure liked a lot, while her legs spasmed from the exciting stimuli he was giving her. He watched her reactions which made him feel very warm on the inside. He pat her inner thighs with both paws like he was inspecting her body. So far so good, she seemed to be perfect.
"Bui buizel..." he said while smelling her again before sticking his tongue out on her folds.
"Ohh...yess... Your tongue feels nice... Touch me, lick me...please." she moaned again, while spreading her long legs wider, for his enjoyment. She loved his exploration, and the excitement caused her to start rubbing her nicely-sized breasts quickly.
Her words sounded really nice to him. He breathed in her every scent, pulling his mouth away to sniff her stomach, rubbing it with his paws to see how it felt; her stomach was firm and felt soft to the touch. He quickly moved his mouth back to continue licking her.
"Yesss...your paws on my belly feel great... My pussy can't hold it much longer...you're so skilled with your tongue..." Dawn praised the Pokémon's sexual prowess while shaking from the pleasure waves he was causing to her. She pinched her breasts harder, screaming from the rough stimulation.
Buizel clenched his eyes shut as her pleasured scream rang through his ears. He quickly recovered though and used his paws to pull her folds apart with skill. With more room to maneuver he pushed his muzzle in and moved his tongue across her inner nerves.
"Oh, my! Oh, my! S-so good! I'm going to cum! Unh..." Dawn screamed when Buizel licked her folds deep and good. She nearly fainted from the insane pleasure, which left her covered in her sweat. From sad to extremely happy, she went within minutes.
He buried his tongue deeper, deeper, as deep as possible. Being a Water Pokémon he did not need to take a breath of air for a long while. While taking long licks and sucklings of her walls he used his paw to rub the nub above her opening, moaning softly in her.
"Aaaah! Buizel...I'm cumming!" Dawn screamed loudly, clenching her legs around him, paralyzed by the strong orgasm which plastered a look of pure pleasure on her cute face. It took a good while for her body to go limp, and after everything was over, the grass beneath her was completely soaked. He gasped loudly when her legs trapped him in place like a vice, leaving him stuck in place. Her juices sprayed his entire mouth and he was forced (though he had no complaints) to drink all of it. He let out a long, drawn-out but muffled "Bui" as his mating urges were so strong, his water-type shaft showed itself from its hiding place. Now he wanted to fuck her more than ever. Dawn panted heavily after her intense orgasm, still trembling from its powerful effects. She was amazed and impressed by Buizel's pleasuring skills.
"Oh...Buizel...you didn't even fuck me, and I came so hard...just from your touching and licking..." she complimented the ability of the otter Pokémon, while wiping away the sweat from her forehead.
"Bui...buizel..." he panted, looking up at her. The Sea Weasel Pokémon sat up and climbed on top of her, crawling up her stomach and chest while patting her with his paws. Once he reached his destination he kissed her deeply, wasting no time in shoving his tongue through her soft lips. Dawn moaned in his mouth when he kissed her, loving the intimacy they now shared. Her legs quivered from the sensations of pleasure and closeness with her Pokémon. As a way of thanking him for making her cum, she stroked his member slowly, knowing he would like this stimulation. Buizel gave a soft moan at her touch. He felt his shaft throb under her fingers, the size increasing as a result. Pulling her close by holding the sides of her chest, he moved his tongue around her hot human mouth in exploration.
Dawn connected her tongue with his, in a friendly and hot game that created pleasure for both of them. Her body pressed close to his- they were a pair of lovers, now. She couldn't say anything while they kissed, but she did move Buizel's paw on her breasts, hoping he would want to play with them. The Pokémon's excitement went up tenfold. He spread his paw open and pressed it on Dawn's small yet firm breast, rubbing the hardening nipple beneath his paw pad. The skin was so soft he didn't want to stop touching her there. While he kissed her, he opened a few of the water pockets in his mouth and let a few gentle streams of water flow in with his tongue.
Dawn screamed when he sprayed water in her mouth, and rubbed his dick harder, as a reward for this very erotic Water Gun. She opened her mouth wider while kissing him, hoping for more, because it made her close to another orgasm, in addition to the boob massage, to which she responded by drawing the other paw of her Pokémon to her previously unattended left breast, hoping he would massage them both...
Just like she wished he began to give her breasts equal amounts of treatment, rubbing them in circular motions, poking her nipples with his small almost non-existent claws. Looking at her with a curious expression, he let off another gentle Water Gun in her mouth, hoping to get the same wonderful reaction from her. Dawn whined in delight at the sensations of his paws groping her boobs, and shook a few times, a sign of another orgasm nearing. She loved Buizel for being so creative and naughty, firing off Water Guns in her mouth made her so horny.
After coughing the water up a bit, she said, catching her breath "So-good...I love it...Water Gun in my mouth, it's so nice... Please, scratch and squeeze my boobies...I like it rough. And you can spray my mouth and face with water, more..."
She massaged the tip of his boner carefully with her fingers, loving the idea of pleasuring him just like he did wonderful things to her. He growled and pushed his pelvis forward to rub on her fingers, desiring more of the pleasure that came from it. He squeezed her breasts as well as he could, making sure to include her nipples in on the squeezing. He wanted to obey her every word; he wanted to pleasure her, and be pleasured by her. He sloppily pulled away from her mouth and let torrents of soft water spill out when he licked her cheek.
Dawn's breasts were very sensitive. The rough treatment Buizel applied to them, made Dawn gasp loudly, and spread her legs wide. Before she could recover, however, the blast of water on her face caused her to let out a drawn-out moan, and then, a river of juices flowed from her pussy, as she started to shake from the second orgasm of the day.
"Yesss...Buizel...my strong lover..." the Coordinator mumbled during the orgasm, looking happily at the feisty and skilled Pokémon.
"Bui bui buuuuuiiii..." he whined, fighting the urge to go down and suck her pussy dry of her fluids, as much as he wanted to do it, there were other areas he needed to take care of. He crawled backwards down her young human body and, still holding her right breast, planted his mouth around the hardened bud, sucking on it like a hungry pup.
"Oh! Yes! More! Please, suck and bite my nipples...use your fuck toy..." Dawn pleaded the Water Pokémon, after his rough sucking of her right nipple almost made her orgasm resume. She loved his boldness, and the skill he used to drive her crazy. The sounds of her moaning, the pleading for more, they urged him on and gave him more confidence than anything. He knew he was driving her up the wall, and anything he would do could pleasure her. He gently pressed his teeth around her nipple, increasing the force of his sucking and kneading the sides of her breast with both paws. He wanted to drive her so crazy with pleasure she could hardly think straight...
Dawn was babbling incoherent words from all the great pleasure she was receiving from the nerves located inside of her breasts. Her hands pounded against the grass, in sexual frenzy, and the flow of juices from her opening never seemed to stop. His dual tails smacked together as he quickly shifted his attention to her other breast; the best and most effective way to give the greatest pleasure was to give her body equal attention. He bit down on her nipple, moaning as he moved it around in his teeth while playing with it with his tongue. The closeness with his trainer as well as all other variables helped his hard length get to its largest size.
Dawn was in an endless cycle of pleasure, moaning and screaming without pause. The switch to her other breast simply made her scream louder, and pet Buizel's head in lustful affection. When she saw his erection, her eyes popped out, and she whimpered softly:
"Please...my dominant boyfriend...pierce me with your big dick..." She was surprised by her plea, but the thought of him being like a boyfriend was very exciting, actually. He looked up at her with a look of lust, massaging her chest with such skill; it was hard to believe this was the first human he ever did this with. Before long his mouth parted from her breast and he hopped down in front of her, feet splashing in the huge pool she created.
"Bui bui..." he growled, paws on her thighs as he edged closer to her. Dawn spread her legs as wide as possible, smiling humbly at him, while trembling from the excitement that was building up inside of her all this time.
She softly spoke, in a tone that showed love and admiration towards the Pokémon that made her go mad, "Please, give it to me hard. Don't hold back...make me beg for more..."
He held onto her thighs as he gave her a smile followed by a mischievous growl. The heat radiating off her was amazing and it seemed to draw him in. He positioned himself in front of her pussy lips and slowly slid inside, panting from the heat that gradually encased his member.
"Unh...you're in... My pussy is getting stretched... Good..." Dawn cooed as she felt him enter her. This moment was so nice for her, so she didn't move, but just lay there, with her eyes closed, and a big smile on her face, knowing she was his girl now. He looked across her body, taking in the sight of the girl that was now his. He panted softly and let water leak from between his lips, watching his shaft slide through her folds. He continued pushing forward until he had to push hard through a particularly tight area.
Dawn made a pained grimace at one point, whining in distress, as blood started to slowly leak out of her... "My...hymen...my virginity...gone." she said while trying to survive the pain.
"Bui, bui bui buiz?" he asked in a soft voice, cocking his head to the side. Her expression confusing him (the blood made him confused, and worried, more than anything) he shifted around to adjust his angle of penetration and began to thrust forward, slowly at first and watching her reaction...
"I will be alright, soon. Just go slowly." Dawn reassured her lover with a smile she made, despite still feeling some pain. It was slowly going away, though, and she looked forward to some hard pounding he would give her.
"Bui," he responded, grasping her lower stomach firmly to aid in his thrusting, watching him go in and out of her human pussy. He let his tongue loll out the front of his mouth, panting as he started to feel pleasure. Of course, he had to wait until she felt pleasure so he kept his speed to a minimum.
Dawn sighed when she felt relief in her lower body area. The pain was almost gone, and Dawn stroked Buizel with her hand, and told him ,"You can start now...I think I'm fine, my love." She laced her last words with a sweet, seductive undertone, remembering how nice his suckling of her breasts and the watering of her mouth felt.
He growled slightly and began to move a little faster and went deeper in, her tone making his insides heat up. He purred and pushed his head on her hand to show her how much he liked that, showing his love through his steady forward thrusting.
"Oh...yes...it feels good Buizel...more...faster..." Dawn whined and cried out, for the pleasure was making her love him more and more.
She started squeezing her insides around his dick, moving slightly, in the rhythm he set up. Her hand massaged Buizel's head lovingly, scratching his neck from time to time. He purred and panted from everything that was happening between them. He pushed hard against her tightening walls, knowing that she did it on purpose but he loved it. Buizel looked up at his trainer, loving each reaction he got from her.
"Buizel...b-bui buuuuiii..." he panted, closing his eyes to relish in the pleasure.
"I love you...I love you...Buizel...give it to me hard...your spike feels so good inside of me..." Dawn let her emotions spill, as she moved together with the thrusts Buizel made, getting closer to bliss with every passing second. She looked at him with adoration, smiling widely at the sight of his face that gave away his feelings: he was enjoying himself as much as her. Her fingers lightly touched his nose, playing with it.
"Bui bui bui!" he squeaked, fighting the urge to sneeze. He licked up at her fingers, trying to wrap his tongue around them. Her inner heat spread down the length of his Pokémon member, driving him to go on her with more speed. He smiled back at her, moving his paws to her stomach.
"Hehehe...you're so playful...I like it...and your speed...wow. I'm leaking so hard now, Buizel, for you." Dawn admitted, giggling at the feeling of his tongue on her fingers.
She left her hand in his reach, and kept pushing herself onto his rather long dick, squealing every time more of it entered her hole. He timed his thrusts just right so he met her with a wet smack, his lower stomach wet with her sex fluids. The smell and heat were making him go faster. His thrusting slowly turned into full-fledged pounding, the syllables of his name repeated constantly with no breaks for breath in-between.
"God! You're so fast! More...it feels so incredibly hard and fast... Pound my cunt, please..." Dawn pleaded, looking for more hard thrusts into her love passage which was extremely slick by now, enabling insanely fast sex. She caressed Buizel's head again, thanking him for his wonderful mating skills that were definitely going to make her climax again.
Buizel gave her a sly look, confident from the pleas he got from her. He gave her hot cavern another hard pound before he pulled out a little and stopped. "Bui bui, buizel buiz bui..." he said, setting his paws under her left leg and pushing it up, trying to direct her to do something for him...Dawn looked at him in confusion at first, but then she realized he was trying to get her to move.
She turned over to her side, and asked "Is this what you want?"
He nodded and gave her a satisfied "Bui." He grabbed the backs of her legs and moved them forward with as much strength he had to move the human, until she was in a sitting position.
"Bui bui!" he chirped excitedly, getting back behind her and panting heavily.
"Oh...? A new position? I'm excited, Buizel," Dawn commented cheerfully, smiling at her Pokémon.
"Buuuuuiiii..." he growled, giving her a look of high confidence through narrowed eyes and grappling her stomach and ass, finding her entry way and re-entering her. With this new position he proceeded to pound her hole, not holding back this time around.
Dawn moaned when she heard him growl like that. It was so hot! And the angle at which he started to piston in and out of her created exquisite pleasure for her, and so, she began moaning loudly with each thrust, in awe at how deep the thrusts went in.
"So deep...I'm going to cum soon. You're so fast and strong...harder...make me pregnant..." Dawn begged her dominant partner, seeing how good he was at making her lose her mind. Claws playing across her skin leaving tiny red marks, he let out all his instincts had concealed inside, his true Pokémon lust. He moaned her name in his language, coming out as a repetitive "Bui". Buizel hammered her ass as hard as he could, his cock throbbing so deep inside her.
Dawn screeched in surprise at the force and speed he now used to bruise her hole, and grabbed the grass, trying to hold on somehow. She had a look of pure happiness on her clear face, and babbled incoherent words that were a message of her devotion to Buizel.
"Bui bui buizel!" he yowled in agonizing pleasure, the way Dawn's pussy walls sucked him on the pull-outs sending wave after wave through his nerves, making everything blurry even under his eyelids. Pounding her harder (oh he attempted, and he did it), he pulled on her legs to get s deep as possible. Dawn flopped around as a consequence of his hard thrusts, screaming loudly, asking for more from the Water Pokémon. Her bruised pussy was swollen completely, a sign of an impending orgasm.
"Buizel...yes...I'm almost there...going to cum hard...pierce me all the way through..." Dawn babbled, panting while the fast-paced sex act raged in full power. Her words told him she was almost there, just a little more. Buizel leaned over her and latched his claws into her back and stomach, arching the lower part of his spine to focus all energy into pummeling her. Just like her, he was getting close based on how much speed and force he was using. Dawn couldn't breathe from the powerful electrifying sensations that started going through her.
"Ahhh...cumming..." she barely managed to say, before screaming loudly, tightening her pussy around the lengthy rod inside it, which them got coated by a huge amount of cum, that even dripped to the ground. Dawn was spent from the orgasm, and barely moved. Buizel clenched his teeth and gave several hard, drawn-out thrusts before in the middle of what would be the last one, he unloaded all he had inside him. His semen was thick yet very watery, and he had a lot of it. It emptied out like water from hose. There was so much it squirted out on the ground before Dawn was even filled to the brim with it. Buizel dug his claws in her skin during the entire orgasm.
Dawn smiled when her lover filled her with his cum. It felt nice to her, and the warmth was relaxing. The Coordinator looked at him, and said, smiling "I like the feeling of your cum, Buizel... so nice...I hope I could carry your babies."
"Bui...b-bui..." he panted, pulling out near the end of his cumming and unloading the last of his cum on her ass, seed spilling from her pussy like a waterfall. He was spent, not only of his load but of his energy too. He leaned forward on his trainer, laying his head on his arm and smiling at her. "Bui bui...buiz buiz bui buizel..."
"I love you, Buizel. You can fuck me any time you want...it feels so good." Dawn replied, smiling at him while scratching his head with her hand.
"Bui bui buizel, bui." He blinked slowly, loving the feeling of her hand rubbing him once more. It was very relaxing. The Sea Weasel climbed over her rear and touched the side of her head and kissed her sideways, licking her lips and tongue. Dawn moaned into the kiss, turning her head towards him. She mumbled something through the kiss, then licked his tongue with hers vigorously. She loved the kissing, and held Buizel in a close hug...
He felt so warm and fuzzy on the inside, wrapping his arms around her neck. He closed his eyes and simply moaned back, allowing her to have dominance with her tongue this time around. He had to admit, he loved it, and he loved her too... Dawn kissed with him without any inhibition, touching his body in various places. She loved the close bond they now had, and started to think of her future life with him...
He moaned softly into her mouth, his face heating up. Sure, maybe he didn't like the idea of these "contests" at first, but who said he couldn't learn? He would do it, for her. As they continued to kiss, he wondered, what was in-store for them next?
...Better not to worry about that now, just enjoy the time he spent, with Dawn...
On hind's sight, coming to train at Snowpoint at this time of the year might not have been the best idea. The cold snowy city was even more cold than usual; being in the middle of winter helped out big time. The snow came down like rain but at least the wind wasn't blowing too hard. The snow made the ground look like a sea of white broken by the trees; at least, that's what Dawn could see through the frosted front window of the local Poke Mart.
"Geez, it's so cold up here…" Dawn shivered as the sliding doors opened, a customer came in and the bitter chill came with him. The young girl's breath fogged and she pulled her white scarf close to her mouth, tucking her hands under her armpits. The wind blew through the door madly until they automatically, letting the heat flow back in. Dawn sighed in sweet relief and unzipped her red coat before turning to one of the aisles.
"Was coming here really a good idea…?" Dawn wondered as she grabbed a few Potions and an Ultra Ball or two off the shelf. "Snowpoint is so cold this time of year… No, don't be a coward Dawn. You came here to train your Pokémon! And this is the perfect time and place to do it!"
Because of how cold it was, no one would be out and about around the Routes surrounding Snowpoint, or even the Temple for that matter. Whenever the opportunity arose to get some private training in, Dawn took the opportunity as quickly as she could; what trainer wouldn't want that? With all the hustle and bustle in the world, trainers going here and there, wild Pokémon every which way you turn, there really was no time for a trainer to just be alone with his/her thoughts and Pokémon. Despite the cold the Temple was the perfect place for that.
Dawn looked over her shoulder at another man who came in the store, snow all over his hair and shoulders. She bit her lip nervously and straightened out her hat.
"Better pack up on supplies; I'll need it…" She looked through the other aisles, grabbing anything she knew she might need. You could never be too careful, especially in these conditions. She picked up a few Ice Heals and went to the register, dropping her items on the counter and pulling her bag from her shoulders.
"Ice Heals huh?" The cashier said as he checked the prices. Dawn simply nodded, hoping they wouldn't get into a conversation. "You know how cold it is right?"
"I'm well aware of it, yes." Dawn said, rocking on her heels.
He smirked and rang the last few items up. "Confident trainer, I guess. Whatever reason for going out just be careful. It's dangerous out there."
"I'm used to being up here. But, thank you." Dawn smiled, packing her supplies in her backpack and throwing it back over her shoulder. The blue-haired girl zipped up her jacket, pulled her skirt down enough so it would give the best coverage, pulled her hat over her ears and adjusted her braids before going out through the sliding doors. The wind was bitter-cold, biting Dawn's face with a barrage of tiny ice crystals. She groaned unhappily at the feeling but went onward.
Dawn stuffed her hands in her coat pocket. She wished she had brought gloves before she came all the way up here, and Snowpoint's store doesn't carry any, surprisingly. What stores in a snowy region don't sell gloves? It was the most ludicrous thing she ever heard.
She looked over her shoulder at the gradually disappearing lights of Snowpoint. Really, was she crazy for doing this? Would you call her insane? It depends, how much you would strive to train your Pokémon to be the best. In a way this was like something Ash might do. This was worth it; at least she really hoped it was, in the end.
"I'll be fine," she told herself. "The Temple isn't too far away…"
Normally Dawn was familiar with the layout of the Route, but the heavy snow made it harder to discern where things were. The snow was deep, halfway up her boots. The snow drifts were thick and looked like mountains when viewed at a distance and through the wind and falling snow.
"Ugh, I can barely see anything through this snow!" Dawn whined, squinting and trying to see more than a few feet in front of her. All she could see (other than white) were the trees jutting up crudely and breaking the sea of white. Even the trees were barely visible. The buildings and lights were no longer visible either. Had she been walking longer than she though, or was the atmosphere simply getting thicker. She hoped it was the latter, because if she really got out this far without finding the Temple, then she was in trouble.
Dawn took long careful steps through the snow to cover more ground and to avoid any hidden potential obstacles, and maybe get to the Temple faster; if she could find it anyway.
"This is strange…" Dawn said, a little quietly. "It never took me this long to get to the Temple. Am I…lost?"
At this point she contemplated turning around, giving up, and going home. While she had no idea how much time passed between now and leaving Snowpoint, she had a feeling she was lost. She even slowed her long steps to somewhat shorter ones.
On the next step she took her left foot touched a hidden rock, but she didn't get unbalanced by it. No problem, no fall. She could get over it with ease. Dawn looked to her left, then to her right. Snow, snow, nothing but snow. Dawn was getting sick of snow. The exposed parts of her body were cold, nearly frozen; especially her face. Her sinuses were already stuffed. Instead of going around the rock, she made a rather bad move and lifted herself up onto the rock. The wet underside of her boot slipped on the equally wet rock and she lost all balance, squeaking in surprise as she tumbled over the rock and falling face first into the snow.
"Wow, what horrible luck…" Dawn thought sarcastically. "I'm just glad Ash and Brock weren't here to see…Ash would never let me hear the end of it."
She knew she looked ridiculous laying there, arms somewhat spread out like she was trying to make a snow angle upside down. The fall didn't hurt at all but it was rather unpleasant, like the snow, freezing cold, very sharp and bitter like shards of ice stabbing her face. She recovered as quickly as possible after recovering from the shock of the fall first. Her hands got a taste of the frozen powder and that didn't feel any better.
"Arceus, I hate the snow…" she shivered and brushed the snow from her coat and the rest of her clothes. Now her thighs, face, and everything else were freezing and wet, making her shake and even more uncomfortable. She looked up from her clothes and before she could even think about walking again a new, unexpected sight had appeared in front of her.
A wild Pokémon, black in color with bones on its body, curved horns and shaped like a dog. A Houndoom. What in the world is a Pokémon like Houndoom doing all the way up here? Isn't this too cold of an environment for its type? Dawn smiled nervously at the wild Pokémon.
"H-Hi there…" she greeted the Pokémon, her voice shaking because of the cold. The dark-type growled and wagged its long devil tail in a way that might be taken as a threat. Dawn was not an expert on Pokémon, but she knew that wasn't a very good sign. If he wanted to attack, maybe she could calm him down. She kneeled down in the large hole in the snow her fall created and held out her hand to the canine who was only a few feet away from her. "C-Come here b-boy, I w-won't hurt you…" she said in a soft, non-threatening voice. The cold made that hard but she hoped it would work.
Much to her surprise it seemed to work because the Houndoom instantly stopped growling and let its tail down, letting go of its threatening demeanor, somewhat at least, and came towards her. Dawn felt much better now because she wasn't the only one out here now. It was very comforting to know this Pokémon seemed to be friendly.
"Come on, c-come on…" she smiled widely, her hand shaking from the cold. Houndoom were fire-type which meant he could keep her warm, possibly. Once the dog was within range she rubbed the top of his red muzzle all the chill went away from her hand and it felt very soothing. She breathed happily, thinking about being warm all over.
The Houndoom seemed cautious, but he didn't mind as Dawn could see. In fact, he seemed to like it. He looked strong, based on the size of his body and the muscularity of his legs. He looked incredibly warm and though he practically lacked fur he would be warm regardless.
"Wow, you sure are f-friendly for a wild P-Pokémon," Dawn commented after the fire dog started panting. "Have you been around h-humans before?"
If he belonged to a trainer that would be great; but she could kiss her chances of training alone goodbye. Maybe he was someone's Pokémon but was released back into the wild. But, who would release a Houndoom, especially one that looked as tough as him? He had to be wild then. Wherever he came from, maybe he could help her. Dawn stood up and brushed the snow from her knees. She was cold all over.
"I d-don't know if y-you can understand me-e," Dawn said, feeling a bit foolish; she was going to ask a Pokémon for directions. "But I-I'm look-king for the Snowpoint Temple. "It's big, t-tall, and made of um…stone."
Houndoom looked at her for a minute before he barked and made a 90 degree turn and started trotting in that direction. Whoa, did he understand her? But more importantly did he know where the Temple was? Dawn hoped so. She followed after the black dog, dragging her feet through the snow. She didn't want another spill and possibly lose him if he didn't stop for her. The fire Pokémon had to live out here otherwise he wouldn't seem to know where he was going.
Dawn looked past the Houndoom through the snowy wind and she nearly jumped out of her skin in excitement when she saw the Snowpoint Temple come into view. She couldn't believe it! Houndoom knew exactly where it was!
"Unbelievable! You found it!" She squealed excitedly, running after the Pokémon. When the Temple was clear in view, she saw another Pokémon standing next to the temple entrance. It was a Charmeleon. Another fire-type? Very strange. The Houndoom ran forward to the Charmeleon and seemed to say something to it before they both went in the old building. Perhaps they knew each other, or were den mates maybe?
The two Pokémon disappeared into the temple and Dawn followed, thanking Arceus the temple wasn't as cold as it was outside. She went up the steps of the ancient building, feeling like she was going back in time to when this ruin was an important staple of an ancient civilization long ago. That's how she felt each time she came to the Temple.
The inside was chilled but much better than being outside. Anything was better than that. She sighed happily and threw her pack off, setting next to the doorway. No sight of the Houndoom or the Charmeleon, strangely. Dawn shrugged it off but it was a shame she couldn't thank the Houndoom for helping her.
"Might as well get comfortable," Dawn said to herself sitting down against the wall and dragging her pack over. "The storm isn't going to die down any time soon."
She pulled her bag between her legs and unzipped it, digging through the contents until she found the metal thermos. Dawn unscrewed the cap and poured the brown liquid into the cup. Thankfully, it was still warm. That was a major relief. Keeping her head down she took a sip to get warm but not scorch her insides. It felt so good, she warmed up instantly and it was like she wasn't in this snowy region anymore.
She leaned her head back against the wall and almost jumped when she saw the Charmeleon standing there, swishing its fiery tail back and forth.
"Geez Charmeleon, you scared me," Dawn said, holding the cup firmly. "Do you want something from me?"
"Meleon char charmeleon…" the Flame Pokémon responded, cocking its head and narrowing its eyes. Dawn couldn't really tell if it was a he or a she, but she figured it was a female because she was obviously either the Houndoom's den mate or his mate. Based on the tone of voice it had – fierce with a bit of femininity – it had to be a female.
She looked down at her hot chocolate, then got an idea. Maybe she wanted to try it? "Do you want a sip? It's nice and hot." Dawn smiled at the lizard, holding her cup out to her. Charmeleon looked at the cup then back to her. She came forward a few steps – cautious steps – until she could take the cup in her small paws. Dawn smiled and touched the top of her head. Surprisingly she did not retract, growl, or anything. She just uttered a few "meleons" and stuck her paw inside the hot chocolate; and she didn't even mind at all. She swirled her paw around as if she was inspecting the texture of the liquid.
"Go ahead girl, drink it. It's very good." Dawn urged her, sitting up on her knees. Charmeleon glowered and sat down on her rear, flame tail pointed up. She removed her paw from the cup and stuck her tongue in, the heat still un-fazing her. She lifted the cup to her snout and drank the hot chocolate, chugging it all down within two seconds.
"Wow, I guess you liked it." Dawn giggled, extending her hand out to pet the top of her head. Charmeleon lowered the cup and growled softly, flashing her sharp teeth to Dawn. "You sure are cute for a Charmeleon…"
The lizard growled and glowered up at her for a second, like she was insulted at being called cute. But she seemed to let it go and went back to enjoying Dawn's petting of her smooth head. Dawn moved her hand in a nice circular motion, stroking the short horn protruding from the back of her head.
"Meleeoonn…" Charmeleon really seemed to be enjoying it; her eyes were closed, tongue hanging out. Her paws tilted her way and the cup slanted and lowered until a little of whatever hot chocolate remained poured down on her crotch, again un-fazing her.
"Oh my," Dawn giggled. "Looks like you made a mess on yourself Charmeleon. Let me clean you up." Dawn almost hesitantly moved her hand between the Pokémon's legs to wipe the hot chocolate away, but in doing so she touched her special area.
It was an accident but Dawn got a reaction she did not expect from the Pokémon. The reptile gave her a soft moan, gripping the sides of the cup tightly.
"Oh…do you…like that?" Dawn spoke curiously, giggling once more. "Hm…I wonder what will happen if I do it again?"
Dawn touched her rim again with a little more force behind it. Unlike the rest of Charmeleon's body which was smooth and hot with a little bit of scales here and there, this part was very hot and wet. It sparked Dawn's curiosity because she never did this with a Pokémon before. So naturally, she wanted to see what else would happen if she continued stimulating the reptile.
"I wonder what will happen, if I do this…" Dawn said with a smile before she used two of her fingers to spread her lips open. Charmeleon dropped the cup, hitting Dawn's hand before clinking loudly and coming to rest on the cold stone floor.
"Oh, I guess you really liked that. I wonder what happened to Houndoom. It would be nice if I could thank him for guiding me here." Dawn used those two fingers to rub both sides of her opening, allowing as nice flow of juice to begin.
"Meleeeeeooon…." She moaned, leaning her head back and letting her tongue poke out the front of her mouth. Dawn was further interested in what would happen if she continued, and it even made her a little excited; excited by the sexual pleasure of a female Pokémon. Heh, she had to admit she never saw herself ever doing this to another female, let alone a Pokémon, but the idea wasn't all that ridiculous.
"You look so cute when I do this," Dawn pat the top of her head but when she did Charmeleon grabbed her wrist as if she didn't like it. But on the contrary, she brought her hand to her mouth and started licking her fingers, running her tongue all across them.
"Oh, your mouth is so warm…" Dawn said softly, sighing at the feel of Charmeleon's hot mouth over her cold fingers. It dispelled the cold from her body and Dawn could not help but moan as the warmth spread like it did on her other hand. Charmeleon kept a firm hold on her wrist, digging her claws into the skin as if she didn't want to let go, just continue sucking and licking the digits.
Without giving it much thought Dawn began to rub her slit a little faster. Charmeleon moaned instantly and sucked harder on her fingers, tightening her grasp on the human's wrist. Dawn felt herself leak a little, a spot showing up on her white panties. She scrunched her body to get comfortable as she got closer to the fire lizard. Juice continued flowing on her fingers producing a nice amount of lubrication.
Charmeleon's moans got louder as Dawn made the next move by pushing her fingers inside her slit. Everything felt good, except when she bit down on her fingers. Dawn winced but refrained from pulling away, fearing it might discourage or even anger the Pokémon.
"H-Hey, not so hard Charmeleon," she said in a soft voice, which Charmeleon seemed to understand. If she thought Charmeleon could get more lovable, she was wrong. The Pokémon laid down on its back, holding her wrist with both paws and sucking away at her fingers like a baby with a bottle. Dawn giggled and could not help herself from leaning forward to kiss the Pokémon's cheek.
Dawn began to work the fingers in and out of Charmeleon's slit, mimicking the thrusting motion of a male as well as she could. She spread her legs further apart and released Dawn's hand to moan loudly, laying back to relish in her pleasure. The spot on Dawn's panties got bigger and wetter as she got even more aroused from this act.
"Wow, I'm glad you're really enjoying this…" Dawn said, licking her lips and panting slightly. Each push of her fingers she went in deeper and the deeper she went, the hotter it got.
"Char…char charmeleon…" the Pokémon growled, thrusting up against her hand. Dawn twisted her fingers around and hooking them to stretch her walls. Charmeleon snarled loudly and pounded the floor with her clenched paws.
"I wonder how you taste…" Dawn wondered aloud as she watched fluids spill on her hand. She pulled her hand away for a minute so she could taste the female sex juice. It was very sweet and strong, and she liked it, a lot. "You taste pretty good. Maybe I can taste more…"
Before Dawn could do what she wanted, the black slim form of Houndoom caught her eye. At first she was excited to see the canine but his expression changed that. From this angle she could not see the sides of his muzzle open in a loud snarl. In addition to that threatening snarl his eyes were narrowed into a glare, his red eyes burning with fire.
"Oh no…is she, your mate…?" Dawn said nervously, her fingers still in the moaning Pokémon. Houndoom looked pissed off, so she had to be his mate. What luck, she was pleasuring his mate… Dawn knew she was in trouble. She pulled her hand away and crawled back a bit, not wanting the Houndoom to attack.
He growled and walked towards them, his eyes falling from her to Charmeleon when he was over her. His threatening demeanor fell away when he gave his mate his attention, much like what happened when Dawn pet him. She sat back and watched them. They seemed to be communicating in some way, in their own language. Charmeleon looked to her and Houndoom followed her gaze. He growled and barked at Dawn.
"I-I'm sorry Houndoom, I didn't know she was your mate." She apologized, bowing her head in respect to the Pokémon. Chameleon licked the underside of Houndoom's muzzle and seemed to whisper something to him; something she didn't want Dawn to hear, if she could even understand her.
After a few words were exchanged between the mates Houndoom seemed fine, convinced Dawn wasn't hurting or violating her. She was surprised when she felt him tug on her scarf, pulling her off her knees and back to his mate. Dawn was confused and gave him a look to show it. The black dog panted and gave her a nod, nudging her hand with his muzzle.
"You…you want me to continue?" Dawn asked the dog, looking at Charmeleon and getting her answer. The Flame Pokémon panted and spread her legs apart, thighs stained with wetness. The fiery Pokémon looked at Dawn with a seductive expression; which was exactly what she was trying to do. Seduce her.
Dawn was a bit cautious in Houndoom's presence, but she did as she had before and put her fingers in Charmeleon. Her moaning resumed, as if Dawn had not stopped fingering her. The hot feeling returned and Dawn felt her panties getting wet again.
"I guess you're okay with this," she smiled up at Houndoom innocently. "I'm glad you're not angry."
Houndoom growled and adjusted himself in front of Dawn, spreading his hind legs apart and touching the top of her head with his paw. She looked at him, then down at his crotch. Did he want her to do something?
"You want me to touch you boy?" she asked, looking into Houndoom's red eyes. He panted in response and pet her again. Maybe that's what Charmeleon whispered to him; get in on their fun. It was a bit sudden but Dawn wasn't against the idea. After all, he was a powerful and rather handsome-looking canine. She couldn't say no to a Pokémon. "Okay, if you want it, I can do it for you."
With her right hand giving attention to Charmeleon her left gave it to her mate. Dawn touched the area she knew was Houndoom's sheath. It was just as hot as the rest of his body, which was pretty hot in this cold environment. Houndoom growled as Dawn rubbed the furry sheath, the hot red tip sliding out after just a few touches; she had a feeling this was aided from the scent she and Charmeleon were producing, which he picked up rather easily.
Dawn bit her lip as the heat increased madly, her hands full with both Pokémon's sexual organs. She managed to finger Charmeleon and keep her in pleasure as she caressed the tip that continued coming out of the canine sheath, growing until Dawn managed to get a few inches out. She could tell by the size it was already that Houndoom was a big boy.
"I've sure got my…hands full here…" Dawn commented, giggling a little. She started fingering Charmeleon faster, knowing she was so much closer to cumming than Houndoom was. The lizard thrust up on her hand as hard as possible, her growling turning to full-on snarling and roaring. Dawn started sweating because Charmeleon's bodily heat transferred all the way up her hand, liquids adding to the hotness. When the roaring got as loud as Dawn thought it would, she shoved them in up to her hand as hard as possible.
"Melemeleon!" She screamed, pleasure overtaking her and making her eyes clench tightly. Charmeleon's body seemed to lock up, walls contracting around Dawn's fingers as she released onto her hand, drenching her with a strong volley of cum that was so hot to the touch Dawn had to pull her hand out to keep from getting burned. The rest of the fluid spilled onto the floor, causing steam to rise from the cold stone. And with that, Charmeleon collapsed onto the floor, panting and letting her name flow out her snout.
"I'm glad you enjoyed that sweetie, but your mate needs my attention." Dawn wrapped two fingers around Houndoom's lengthening red thickness and rubbed him in an up and down motion but just in one area; as if she wanted to tease him. Houndoom panted in pleasure and spread his hind legs further apart, his claws unsheathing further out and making them look more menacing.
"Good boy…I know you like this." Despite her confidence Dawn still felt nervous about how this wild Pokémon would react to her stimulations. But at this point, there were doubts he would just turn on her. Dawn lifted her wet hand up and brushed the backside across Houndoom's muzzle. She could hear his breath pick up and his panting get louder. The more she rubbed him the bigger he got, the size making Dawn's eyes as wide as saucers.
"Geez, how big is he going to get…?" she wondered, getting wetter than ever. Pretty soon it was at a size where fingers weren't going to cut it. She wrapped her whole hand around the stiff organ and began jerking him off. Houndoom let out a loud snarl, followed by a howl as the pleasurable sensations flowed through his nerves and he loved it instantaneously. His shaft twitched and continued growing in her grasp until Dawn decided to see what he tasted like.
She lowered her head and took the tip in her mouth before she started licking him. Houndoom snarled and whined loudly, spreading his hind legs apart to let her have more room to do her work. The taste of his member was very musky, but she could get used to it. Dawn reached up to stroke his side, her other hand maneuvering around his sheath to help coax the rest of him out. She knew about the knot that all male canine like him had, and she wanted to see how big his was.
"Mm…he tastes pretty good," Dawn thought, moaning and giggling all at once. She felt him throb as she took more of him in her mouth, sucking the canine off while rubbing his open sheath. In no time flat did she succeed in helping the knot come out. The thick orb of flesh was at least four to five inches in diameter, and even his length had reached close to ten inches. This dog was so big she started to wonder if he could fit inside.
As she stroked his knot, the black fire dog gave a loud howl as he shoved his length up her mouth with a single thrust and blasted a short thick stream of semen down her throat. Dawn gagged slightly at the salty taste but kept from pulling away; she wanted to taste all of it, as much as possible. She moaned over him, the vibrations of her vocalizations transferring to him. After several moments of this oral stimulation Houndoom gave off a loud howl as he discharged all his load inside her mouth, the burning hot seed going down her throat. Dawn gasped at how hot and how much of it there was and she could not stop herself from pulling away. As a result the seed she didn't get shot up and covered her face with the thick fluids.
"Oh my, there's so much!" Dawn squeaked, closing her eyes to keep the seed from getting in. She giggled as she wiped her face clean, then cleaned off her hand with her tongue. Houndoom panted loudly, growling as his mating desires were up to the max. Dawn knew it was time to let him have her.
Dawn turned with her side facing him, facing Charmeleon who had recovered and was sitting up. Dawn smiled at the lizard and brought her close so she could be within range of her head; now she wanted to see how Charmeleon would taste, and the Pokémon had no objections, not moving away from her.
Dawn looked back at the canine while reaching back with her right hand and hiking up her pink skirt and pulling her panties down to her boots, showing her cute firm rear end and dripping desire to him.
"Okay Houndoom, I know you want this," she said, licking her lips and rubbing her behind softly. She watched him get behind her; he seemed to know exactly what to do. She was after all in the appropriate position. Dawn moaned with anticipation, lowering her chest to the floor to show off her rear to the male.
"Come on Houndoom, I'm ready for you boy," Dawn said, shaking her bottom in a successful attempt to tease him. Before Houndoom did anything Dawn gently grabbed Charmeleon's legs and dragged her towards her, spreading her legs apart.
"Char meleon…" she growled defensively, taken by surprise. Dawn pat the top of her head and was able to get her calm.
"Don't worry, I'll make you feel good in a minute." She said softly before patiently waiting for the hell hound to make his move. Houndoom gave her human folds a sniff followed by a soft lick which made Dawn's mind race. "Oooh…so good Houndoom…g-good boy." She moaned, her body shaking a bit.
Houndoom seemed to be inspecting her, with his paws and tongue. Dawn waited there in anticipation, not knowing when he was going to act. He continued to lap at her lips with great skill, his long and soft tongue brushing her clitoris at the bottom before spreading slowly up the reaches of her ass. It made Dawn feel so warm from the inside out and her juice started flowing faster.
She could see that he wasn't ready to mount yet so she turned her attention to the female Pokémon below her. Keeping her legs spread open Dawn began to lick Charmeleon's slit, running the tip across the rim. Charmeleon moaned a few syllables of her name, her legs tensing up. The same could be said for Dawn because Houndoom actually stopped licking her for a minute and left her with a lot of tension spreading through her.
Dawn poked Charmeleon's lips until her tongue slid inside with ease, touching the sensitive inner nerves. Dawn moaned at the taste of the sweet liquids, sweeter than what she tasted last time. Just as she started to up the ante she felt a sudden weight on her back that made her squeak in surprise and excitement; Houndoom finally mounted her and pawed at her sides before his paws grappled on her hips, powerful claws digging her thighs. The mounting caused her skirt to hike higher up as did her coat.
"Yes, I can feel you already…" Dawn groaned, the hot tip of Houndoom's shaft prodding her rear as he thrust forward to obtain penetration. With a Pokémon on either side her excitement was higher than ever, as was her body heat. While Houndoom worked on entering her Dawn continued licking Charmeleon, giving the female more and more pleasure.
Dawn then froze when she felt the tip touch her lips and without a moment to spare Houndoom pushed hard on her, his thick doghood spreading her open. Dawn clenched her eyes shut and cried out on Charmeleon's crotch, the shout vibrating across her opening.
"Meleon meleon!" the fire-type growled, grabbing onto the sides of her blue hair. Houndoom breaking through her hurt, but somehow she managed to hold on even as he started thrusting forward. Dawn groaned softly and went about her business of pleasuring Houndoom's mate. Charmeleon timed her bucking to meet Dawn's tongue each time she thrust it inside her, moaning her name softly. Within a few seconds the pain completely went away and Dawn started to moan as Houndoom's thrust gave her pleasure, nice hot pleasure. She blushed like mad from the situation she was in; a threesome with two Pokémon. Nothing could ever feel better.
"Yes Houndoom, that's good…" Dawn moaned loudly, the canine's thrusting making her leak harder. Her fluids made a soft dripping sound as they made a tiny pool that started getting bigger as time passed. Dawn's lips wet with Charmeleon's hot – and admittedly spicy – love juice, her licked and sucked the outside and inside alike, the taste also giving her pleasure. Both Pokémon thrust on her, soft and hard, not a single part of her body filled with cold. The heat of fire Pokémon heightened the pleasurable sensations majorly, and they just started.
Houndoom dug his claws into Dawn's skin as he started to pump her with more speed and force, his red-hot needle spreading the deepest regions of her body open as he went on. Sweat built on every part of Dawn's body, making her a bit uncomfortable with it building under her clothes but she managed to ignore it, somehow.
"Meleon…charmeleon!" Charmeleon snarled as she poured out onto Dawn's mouth, indicating she wasn't too far away now. Sensing this based on how her walls tightened, Dawn decided to try this in a new position. Keeping hold on her legs Dawn flipped the lizard over on her belly and continued eating her out from behind. Charmeleon gave a loud cry of pleasure and clawed at the floor, whipping her fiery tail back and forth. Dawn was greeted with a thick plume of liquid that sprayed her face and almost made her lose focus. She moved her tongue all over Charmeleon's insides, sucking on her inner nerves as she went deeper. She was already very sensitive from her last orgasm, and needless to say she couldn't hold on for much longer.
With a loud roar of pleasure Charmeleon clenched shut and she pushed back on her face before she burst and shot a thick torrent of sex juice all over Dawn's face. She moaned and , sucked it all up, licking away at the exhausted lizard's lips before she let go of her legs and straightened up, pressing her back under Houndoom. Charmeleon was spent, but the others weren't done yet.
The puddle between Dawn's legs got thicker, pooling around her knees. His rhythm went to a steady pace that dug his length deeper in her human body. While she thought her touching got him to his fullest size, obviously she didn't do as well as she thought; even inside her he continued to grow thicker and longer than before. To Dawn's excitement the same applied for the thick fleshy knot.
While Houndoom's thrust rate stayed about the same it made Dawn's moaning get as loud as his panting. Through her scarf should could feel his hot breath on the back of her neck which made her even more excited; nearly everything this Pokémon did to her made her excited. Needless to say this was the best experience she ever had in her young life.
"G-Good boy Houndoom! Faster, faster!" she yelled, thrusting back against the hell hound's pelvis. Houndoom's hard panting caused fat drops of drool to drip on the back of Dawn's coat, steaming and evaporating once it came in contact with the cold air.
A tight delicious knot formed in the pit of her stomach as his powerful hind legs moved him faster, her sopping wet pussy opening all the way for his massive canine member. She gasped at the sensations it produced within her; she felt stretched beyond her capacity the deeper he got, and it only made things feel over a thousand times better. She wanted to give him more pleasured, encouraging words to make him go faster but all that came out of her mouth was a lust filled groan.
Dawn could feel the pulsing of Houndoom's doghood and the quivering walls of her pussy hugging him tightly. He curled his forepaws and made a few holes in her skirt with his claws. Dawn wasn't one who really enjoyed her clothes getting ruined but at this point she couldn't find any complaint against him.
Beneath her clothing her body was lathered with sweat, especially so under her bra; the hot thrusting of the canine made her nipples harden with intense desire, need, and want. She half-screamed as the knot in her stomach got tighter as his tempo continued building, growing more forceful.
"Oh…A-Arceus. Yes, yes Houndoom! More! Faster!" Soft but loud moans escaped her parted lips, urging the Houndoom on. He arched forward and continued pounding her body, sending several waves of pleasure through her that nearly knocked her off balance. With her fluids building up and leaking profusely, she wondered how much longer would they last. She didn't care, as long as it lasted as long as possible. Dawn found it harder to breathe as the heat of Houndoom's body overtook and forced all the oxygen out of her the way a raging fire would; was his fiery hot length actually burning out all the oxygen in her body? Was something like that even possible?
Her arms and soaked legs shaking like Jell-O, she felt Houndoom's thick knot press on her pussy lips and she knew she would be taking it soon. The whole time Charmeleon watched them, growling with a noise that told her she was jealous of what Dawn was getting from her mate. But she didn't do anything, just watched. So she seemed just fine with it.
"Yes! Yes! Faster Houndoom! M-Make me cum…" she whined in a loud and begging voice, her soft blue eyes closing softly as she prepped herself for taking in the fattened knot that would tie them together. Her body swayed forward with each thrust and her fluids splashed here and there under her, the puddle thick and very strong-smelling. Houndoom's pounding got harder and harder, knot pushing on her and giving her more and more waves of pleasure.
"P-Push it in me Houndoom, do it!" she yelled, tightening herself around the hell hound to increase his pleasure. Houndoom howled in pleasure and pounded Dawn over and over again until the knot nearly went inside her. Dawn nearly screamed in the process and before she could react, the massive knot nearly stretching her wide open as it slid in size, she screamed loudly at the ceiling as she was attacked with a barrage of pleasure-filled waves. A chain reaction was set off in her body and the gentle dripping of fluids instantly transformed into a heavily deluge of fluids that Dawn squirted all over Houndoom's knot, spraying her thighs, his legs, and the floor beneath them.
In the middle of Dawn's orgasm Houndoom shoved forward with determination and his huge knot slid all the way inside of her. Dawn cried out loudly as the orb of red flesh stretched her open, the knot locking their shaking bodies together and within seconds Houndoom came. Amazingly hot liquid squirted against her cervix and was then pressed out by the to run down her pussy and thighs (Only a small amount of liquid had this fate). The greater majority of the semen flowed through her cervix and made its home in her womb. Dawn arched up into the black dog, her breath forced out in very loud gasps.
"Ah yes! Yes!" Dawn shouted, Houndoom's seed continuing to flow for several more moments until it came to an abrupt stop. Charmeleon, having watched their entire love-making, had her arms folded behind her head with a very amused smile spread across her snout. Houndoom allowed his thrusts to come to a stop until he and Dawn remained in that position, both panting madly in a heavy loss of energy. Dawn's arms failed her and she collapsed onto the stone floor, her clothes soaked with sweat and her insides burning up.
"Meleon…" the lizard growled, standing up and petting Dawn on the top of her head. She smiled up at her and rest on her elbows, stroking the side of her face. She thought about what just happened; her body was covered in Houndoom's musk, her body was burning up everywhere, and she was leaking seed. She was happy about the storm, because if someone had walked in on them this would've been pretty difficult to explain.
"Wow...that was so nice…Houndoom, Charmeleon…" Dawn panted, grabbing her pack from her side and dragging it to her. Several minutes passed before Houndoom's knot deflated and he could finally pull out; not a single drop of cum leaked from her. That's what the knot was for after all. Dawn managed to get to her feet but not before her boots splashed in the puddle she made. Before she could make a move to pull her panties up Houndoom came in front of her and started to lick at her folds, tongue brushing her clit.
"H-Hey, you still want more boy?" she giggled, her slit very sensitive from the heated mating. She rubbed the powerful horns on top of his head. "I promise, after you lead me back to Snowpoint, and after I capture you, we can all have fun again later."
Houndoom moved his head under her hand to help guide it to other parts, panting heavily with delight. Dawn kneeled down to rub his mates head and she had the same nice reaction. Dawn giggled softly and looked out the entrance of the temple.
"Looks like the storm's died down." Dawn said aloud. "Getting back to town shouldn't be too hard." She stood up and brought her panties back up and lowered her somewhat torn skirt. "I should get back to town, but how can I resist doing some exploring?"
Dawn picked up her pack and as if the Pokémon understood what she said, they headed off for the stairs leading to the next floor. These Pokémon were pretty feisty; one step ahead of her, it seemed. Dawn smiled and shook her head before going to catch up with them. Maybe having them as Pokémon would be more fun than she thought; but, how could that be possible? Simple, she could always have as much fun with them, whenever she wanted.
Sean wandered in the forests of Ecruteak, hoping to find beautiful Pokémon. He was a painter. And he really loved painting Pokémon. It was what brought him joy, any time he could do it. Today, no Pokémon that Sean hoped to see appeared. Bad days happen, and this was one of them. He stood near a tree, with a briefcase which contained all the necessary painting equipment, waiting for a Pokémon to show up...
There was however, one Pokémon lurking around the forest. Not a normal Pokémon you would normally see in this forest, no. This Pokémon was a Legendary, and it was Suicune. The legends say she was a beautiful Pokémon, but they were wrong; she was absolutely magnificent. Her legs and body were slender, giving her a very feminine look, the purple mane flowing behind her majestically in the wind. Basically, everything about her was good looking. However, she looked around the forest without much to do. In this kind of area she hoped not to come across any humans...
"Nothing... It seems my quest for beauty will fail, for today. Ah, can't help it much." Sean thought with disappointment, getting up from his spot, ready to leave.
He shot a few glances to the green scenery around him, and then, set off to Ecruteak, slowly. The forest was very quiet, almost too quiet...Suicune looked around the area carefully; her older brothers told her to be wary of humans, but she wanted to see for herself. She never really trusted Raikou and Entei because they were never 100% right. She continued going around the forest, staying low to the ground "Humans...I don't see any...yet..." She mumbled, keeping cautious all the time.
Sean was walking towards the exit, when a blue shimmer caught his attention, from behind some thick bushes. Alerted, the teenager headed that way, hoping he might stumble onto a Pokémon that would be great for painting.
A ruffling in the bushed spooked her. Suicune flattened herself on the ground like she was trying to blend in with the scenery, but obviously it would not work because of her body color. She saw a strange coloration through the foliage; was it a human?
"W-Who's there?" she called out softly with her telepathic powers, remaining perfectly still. Sean froze when he sensed a question form, in his mind. The voice was feminine, and concerned.
"Must be from the source of the light..." Sean concluded, and walked forward slowly, while speaking, "I mean no harm. I am a painter...of Pokémon."
"A...painter?" Suicune said curiously, standing up a bit. She narrowed her eyes at the bushes and growled fiercely, bearing her sharp teeth. "Don't lie to me. Show yourself human! I don't know if I can trust you..." Suicune made her growl fierce but not so threatening. She didn't really want to scare him away, especially if he really did not mean her any harm...
Sean was a little disturbed by the threatening stance the words of the mysterious Pokémon showed. Despite that, he proceeded to walk through the bushes, and...nearly fainted on the spot. A beautiful creature which stood on four legs was there. Skin blue as clear sea water, shimmering brightly, as if the water flowed. White spots on the legs made the appearance of this Pokémon even better, along with the purple mane that always moved, as if driven by the wind. Sean just kept looking at the magnificence before him... She took a few steps back, still a little cautious. She looked at him, eyes going up and down his body. Strangely, he was alright looking...for a human at least. She kept her paws firmly planted on the grass.
"What? What are you staring at human?" She asked at first, but she knew why he was staring. "Are you mesmerized by me?" she smiled slightly after that, straightening herself up.
"Y-yes... I hoped to find a beautiful Pokémon I could paint, and after spending many hours, thought I would come home with my mission unfinished. But...you...are gorgeous..." Sean replied, blinking several times to make sure this was not a dream.
Suicune blushed at his words, turning her head away from him. "You're the first human to say that...most just try to capture me when they see me..." she said, her soft and extremely feminine voice ringing through Sean's head. "What is...your name human?"
"I have no Pokémon with me, since I don't wish to fight. I just have my painting equipment, in my briefcase. I'm Sean. What is the name of your Pokémon species? I have never seen one like you, before." he replied, taking every part of the body of this Pokémon, into his memory bank.
"Sean...that's a...nice name." Suicune said, looking at him funny. He must not know much about Pokémon, she concluded, otherwise he would know exactly what Pokémon she was. That shocked her, to be fully honest, but she replied, "My species is called Suicune. You may call me by that," she said, her mane flowing in the gentle breeze. "Many refer to me as a Legendary Pokémon; that's why everyone tries to capture me."
Sean gulped when he heard that last bit of information. "A...Legendary Pokémon...oh, my..." he muttered, understanding that the beauty he saw in her, had a good reason behind it.
She looked at him and fluttered her eyes, whether it was on purpose or unintentional could not be said but it only added to her beauty. "You're in awe, I can tell." she giggled softly, sitting down on the grass. "You are a painter? Please, tell me what it is."
"It is the art of making scenes from real life eternal. On paper. I best show you." Sean said, smiling, and from his briefcase, pulled out a painting of a proud Pidgeot spreading his wings wide, while surrounded by trees. "This is painting." the boy said. Suicune's eyes widened when she saw the work of art on the piece of paper. Now she was in awe of its beauty and magnificence.
"A-Amazing...it's like an actual Pidgeot...how do you do that?" she looked up at him with eyes that begged him to show her how he honed this skill, how he could capture such magnificence.
"Could I...paint you? You could see best how it is done, then.' Sean suggested to the Pokémon of great beauty, who was smiling at him.
"Really? You could?" her smile got wider, because not only did he want to capture her with this skill, but because he thought she was beautiful enough to paint; that made her blush deeply. "I would love that." she said, facing him. "The Pidgeot is in a special position, I see. Do you want me to stand a certain way?"
"If possible, could you stand on your four legs?" Sean asked her, smiling deeply. Suicune had agreed to pose for him! He quickly took out his bottles with colors in them, his brushes, and a wooden frame, in which the paper would be placed. He did it openly, so Suicune could see what his art was about.
"Painting requires all that?" Suicune said in amazement. Honestly she wasn't surprised; something that magnificent shouldn't be too easy to do. She stood up and shifted to her side so Sean could look at her from the best angle. "Like this? Should I stand a certain way?" she asked with a smile, fluttering her eyes again on purpose this time.
"This is perfect, your current expression and position. Please, just stay that way. If you feel fatigue from all the standing, tell me, and we shall rest." Sean smiled, and finished the last preparations he needed to, before he could start painting.
She nodded and stayed perfectly still. "I'm sure I'll be fine. I am a Legendary after all..." she stayed that way as he watched him start, staring at him. She had to admit now that he was a handsome human. Suicune smiled and kept her head raised up; standing in a confident stance that greatly resembled the statues humans modeled after her. "Sean, I hope you don't mind me saying you're a rather handsome male..."
Sean's heart beat fast, after those words, and his body heated up immensely, so much, he had to exhale deeply, to avoid getting a heatstroke.
"N-not at al...it is very flattering..." he replied, blinking quickly... Then, his hand started to draw outlines of vividly green grass, as a start.
She smiled widely, sensing his increase in heart rate. "I'm sorry; I see I made you nervous. I'll stay silent, for you Sean." Suicune managed to freeze the movement of her mane and white ribbon-like tails so he could draw them with no problem.
Sean waved off with his free hand, and replied softly "Oh, do not worry, sweet maiden of water. I am not ill; my heart is just shocked that such a beautiful Pokémon complimented me. And you do not have to focus on freezing your mane and tails still. I'm used to drawing slight movement." He turned to her, blinking softly, before returning to the big sheet of paper in front of him. Next came two big trees behind Suicune, in a healthy brown color, and of large branches... Above them, a clear, blue sky, with no clouds ruining the moment.
She blushed like mad and closed her eyes for a minute. "Sweet maiden of water? Oh my, you sure do know how to compliment females..." she responded, unfreezing her mane and tails, letting them flow softly in the air. "I cannot help complimenting you; I've never met a human as nice as you Sean. I think I like you..."
"Um...thank you...my heart is ticking faster, upon hearing those three magic words..." Sean replied shyly, his face turning red from all the emotional shocks he was receiving from her. Unexpected love turns people crazy. And Sean was no exception. Like his heart-beat, his hand moved faster over the surface, painting the upper parts in blue, giving life to a cheerful sky. Small bushes around the trees and near Suicune came to be, with yellow flowers breaking the dominance of the green and light brown color...
Suicune giggled softly and stayed in the stance successfully; she felt the tiniest strain but no complications were present. She could stay in this position until he was done.
"How is it looking Sean? With those skills of yours, I bet it's turning out magnificently..." she added extra honey to her voice; she knew she shouldn't while he painted, but she could not stop teasing him. Sean felt that hint of seductive behavior in her voice, and that did not allow his brain to calm down. He was almost positive there was romance going on here!
"Turn your head to see, Suicune, the most beautiful Pokémon, ever." he returned fire, wanting a slight payback for those heart-shaking waves she sent. He turned to the side of the painting, allowing her to see the work made so far. She could sense something in his voice; was it a bit of irritability because of her comments? She knew just what kind of effect they were having on him and she did not want to stop.
"Wow Sean. That's so much better than I thought it would turn out. Such skill in capturing the forest..." Suicune purred, body heating up from her own words. She felt this slight like for him suddenly spark up; her comments would only get more seductive and sweet sounding than the last. Sean was being disarmed by her words, and had trouble focusing on the task of painting her, but somehow, he did it. A good look at her body, and he started forming the shapes first, sliding the brush delicately on the white surface, and turning it blue... He was swarmed with images and thoughts of Suicune, and the heat grew and grew...focusing onto a certain area on his body. He noticed it, and tried to shift his position, so that he would not be embarrassed.
Suicune could feel a lack of entities in the forest; she and Sean were definitely alone. Sean's reactions were obvious to her and his shift of position told her something that he wouldn't want her to know. His handsome form made her think of how else to tease him. The more she thought, the more he pervaded his mind and it made her own body react. She felt the backs of her legs become wet.
While attempting to hide the slight bulge in his pants, the young painter took another look at Suicune, to process the visual information required to paint her body. Painters see details well, and a particular one astounded Sean: he saw drops of liquid slide down her hind legs. Coupled with her seductive words, it led to one conclusion. and Sean knew full well what it was. Trying to contain his surprise, he turned around quickly, to paint her body in wavy patterns of blue color, mirroring her shape perfectly. White squares completed the image bit by bit...
She groaned as her body released her natural fluids down her legs, but also because her body was starting to ache a bit. she could hold on; she didn't want Sean to have to start over because she couldn't hold her position.
"I bet it's looking very good Sean. I think I can hold this position for a while longer." she said sweetly, her breathing going up in rate and volume.
"I will try to finish soon. I sense your fatigue…" Sean replied, while thinking of how to keep his erection concealed from her... The task of making her purple mane eternal on the sheet of paper took his attention, though. He made many wavy lines, some bright, some dark, in the natural swaying motion they were in, in reality. Satisfied, he drew two thick lines with white color, presenting the dual tails... Suicune took a deep breath. Her legs were shaking but she managed to hold on. She looked all across his body again, but this time she noticed a bulge in that certain area. She blushed madly and could not help herself from giggling like mad.
"I see you really like me Sean..." her tone was extremely seductive; it could make any male melt into a hot puddle of goo.
"My lady...is there a Pokémon move called...Disarmament...? I think I've just been the victim of it." Sean said chuckling slightly, but also feeling ashamed of the fact that she saw his manhood react to her.
"Heh, I don't know Sean. One of my moves is Attract; I wonder if that had anything to do with it..." she said, winking and smiling at him. The backs of her legs were soaked, dripping further down to her hind paws which were just as wet.
Sean had to admit he was turned on. His dick was trying to pierce his pants, while his eyes could not move away from her. With effort and willpower in large quantities being spent, he turned to paint again, this time her radiant crown, and the smiling face. He took care in shaping the mysterious eyes, which intrigued him a lot. Suicune could see him getting bigger down there and she was getting even more turned on than before. She licked her muzzle and breathed heavier, closing her eyes for a second before looking back at him.
"How is the painting Sean?" she asked in a soft, gentle tone of voice. Sean stayed silent while doing the final touches, filling in blank spots, and adding more color to make things look lively...
When he was done, he stood back, and replied "Suicune, the soldier who disarmed me...the painting is complete." all the time, he glowed with happiness. She let go of the position and collapsed onto the grass, sighing loudly with relief.
"Wow, it looks...great." she said with total awe in her voice. The painting was done, and she had to admit he did an excellent job. He perfectly captured her form on the canvas, captured every aspect of her form. "It's beautiful Sean..." she said, smiling happily.
"I'm honored, queen of clear waters..." Sean replied, bowing to her. His heart was swollen with pride of his accomplishment. Something else was swollen, too. Sean's mind was unable to think straight, upon watching her smooth body...
"Thank you, Sean. I love it." she said softly, blushing at the title he called her by. She looked away for a minute because he made her leak more. "Sean, please come closer..." She said, standing up slowly as a way to show herself off to him.
Sean trembled at those words... Hope, wonderful hope entered him... Could they be...? He came to her slowly, looking at her with admiration. Suicune nodded and made herself look as inviting as possible.
"Yes, keep coming. If you want you can pet me. You'd be the first human I allowed to do so." she wiggled her body slightly to add to her seductive prowess. Those honey-laced words made Sean's knees tremble. He barely managed to come to her; that was the power of her seduction... He placed his hands on her body, and massaged it slowly, while on his knees.
"So soft..." he mumbled, closing his eyes for a bit. Suicune closed her own eyes and let out a gentle mumble.
"Thank you...your hands feel good..." she knew her seductive tactics were working, and that's exactly what she wanted. "I really like you Sean; I like you a lot." She looked at him with soft eyes, flashing with pure affection.
Sean's heartbeats accelerated again, and he massaged her more, feeling that moist skin shiver under his touch. The heat that was consuming him from within was too much... "Suicune, please...may I undress? I'm feeling overheated..." he pleaded softly.
She could not help but to lick her muzzle when he asked, even though it was clearly an innocent question. "Yes of course Sean, you may..." she leaked harder this time, her thoughts racing to what the artist might look like under his clothing...
"Thank you... I hope you will not find my body...unsightly.?, Sean replied timidly, and took his coat off first. Then, his shirt followed. He unbuckled the belt of his pants, and they went down, too. His shoes were down, last. His boxers remained; because he thought showing his manhood might be too much.
"Wow, you must really by hot..." Suicune said in a soft, almost dazed tone. She could not help but stare at his body, which was very well built and had all the trimmings of a handsome human. "My...oh my..." she purred, her heightened mating drive causing her to automatically lower her chest to the ground with her rear in the air.
"I'm sorry, my lady, but I'm having difficulties controlling my urges...you're just so attractive..." Sean said, trembling. He wanted to ask her something, but lacked the bravery to do it…
Suicune smiled at him and let out a soft moan, giggling slightly. "I know what you're talking about. You're very handsome Sean. You've actually turned on my mating drive..." she cooed, blushing heavily and straightening herself out to get somewhat level with him.
That was a jaw-dropper! Sean covered his mouth, shocked by her confession. She actually wanted to do it? "I...don't know what to say...I'm honored...I was going to ask you...could we kiss..." the boy stammered.
She smiled; glad to see the effect she had over him. Suicune was not used to this; she didn't go around seducing the pants of Pokémon, but this human was quite different from the others. "Kiss? Over course, I would love that." She got as close as possible to Sean and licked his cheek gently with her soft red tongue. Sean moaned softly when she licked his cheek, and immediately licked her back, smiling sweetly. Then, he put his lips to her, and pushed his tongue inside, moaning at the feeling he was exposed to. Sweet, warm, lovely...
Suicune half-closed her eyes, moaning back at the feel of his tongue inside her mouth. She felt her legs shaking as her own feelings started flooding her. She pressed her tongue against his, batting the oral organs together softly. Sean loved the touch of their tongues, and deepened the kiss, while massaging her body with his hands, enjoying in the comfortable feeling.
"Awesome..." he commented mentally, lost in pleasure. Suicune made a soft whining noise as her temperature went up sharply, sending more fluids out of her body like a faucet.
"Oh my...v-very nice, Sean..." she replied, stepping closer to make the kiss a little deeper. Sean kissed her harder, enjoying the sounds she made, as they were making him go crazy. He pulled his boxers down, springing his boner free, finally, while his hands massaged her legs in circular motions.
Suicune gazed down at his member and her insides fluttered like mad, her face flushing deeply.
"Oh my Sean...you look so big..." she purred in her mind, sitting down and lifting her foreleg so he could have an easier time rubbing them.
Sean smiled at her last comment, after pulling away to breathe in some air. Then, he surprised her by licking and kissing her forelegs slowly... He hoped Suicune loved being licked...
She closed her eyes and let out a long, shaky breath. "Arceus...it feels so strange, but so good..." she purred, panting hard and moving her head under his hands. Suicune moaned at the feeling of his tongue; the pleasure seemed heightened with her eyes closed.
Sean licked faster, when he heard her approving words in his mind. He was getting extremely turned on, and couldn't hold himself from pleasuring her more. He swallowed her toes, and started licking them slowly, while pumping his shaft quietly. Her eyes widened and her mouth slightly fell open. What was he doing? Sucking on her paw...? Suicune grit her teeth and gave him a soft moan.
"Sean...what are...you d-doing...?" she asked, curling her toes inside his mouth. "Entei never did this...b-before..." she mumbled to herself, blushing harder than ever.
"Are you...pleased...my mistress?" Sean asked her with his thoughts, while suckling the soft skin lovingly. His left hand caressed her cheek carefully, since Sean wanted her to feel great. She clenched her eyes shut and allowed another soft moan to escape her.
"Y-Yes...you're so gentle...so much more g-gentle..." her body relaxed under his touching and little butterflies fluttered around her stomach, making her all tingling on the inside and out.
Sean happily licked her toes a few more times, before switching to her other foreleg. He kissed it lovingly, before suckling the tender skin like a baby, even making slight yipping sounds that made him look like one. His right hand tickled her belly while his mouth tended to her leg, the two provided a double dose of pleasure for the Legendary Pokémon.
She clenched her eyes shut, legs shaking hard from what he was doing. She moved her head a bit, shaking it as her body heat went up again. She couldn't take it; she had not felt this way in such a long time that her body was dispelling fluids at an alarming rate; she would have an orgasm soon, and it was going to be powerful.
"S-Sean...stop f-for a...minute." she whined, eyes still closed tightly as she pulled her paw away from him. Sean did as told, licking his lips after she pulled her paw away.
"Wonderful...I loved it..." he cooed, smiling at her. She looked up at him and whimpered as the locking of her legs made her fall onto her side, shaking like mad as the intense feelings made her lose all control.
"A-Arceus! I-I'm c-c...!" before she got a chance to finish her sentence she cried out loud as juice exploded from her nether regions, coating the grass in the thick clear fluid. She tried to recover from that, having just came right in front of him. She blushed hard, looking away in embarrassment.
Sean chuckled slightly, covering his mouth with his hand. He commented "That was...fascinating... I've never seen an orgasm, before..."He smiled at her, coming nearer, to see her body from up close. Suicune looked back at him and giggled softly, rubbing the grass with her paw.
"I'm sorry; I don't know what came over me. You did such a good job pleasuring me...thank you Sean." she said, licking the side of his face and flicking her two tails against the air.
Sean licked her back, and then asked her, slightly embarrassed by his request "Thank you... I was wondering...could I lick those fluids from your...opening? Something came to me...as a desire." He bit his lip, after speaking, wondering if he would be allowed to do it. She smiled at him and rolled over on her side again, spreading her hind legs open.
"I would love that! I love when males do that..." she purred. Already she could feel his tongue down there, probing her insides and drinking her fluids up...
He bowed to her, and replied "Thank you, mistress. I will do my best to please you." he then went behind her, knelt, and licked up the fluids leaking down her legs, making muffled sounds as he apparently enjoyed doing this. When he was finished, he gently began probing her folds with his tongue, flicking it over the sensitive skin...
"O-Oh! Yes...!" Suicune whined loudly, clenching her eyes shut. Her body was burning on the inside, all caused by Sean's tongue touching her vaginal lips. She pushed up against his mouth, wanting him to do more to her down there. Sean knew he was doing the right things, when she pushed herself into his face, like that. Her passionate screams made him drink her juices, and slide his tongue deeper, twirling inside her folds madly. Spotting a small circular object above her vagina, he decided to touch it with his lips slowly, while his tongue went deep inside of her. She gasped loudly as his mouth made contact with her clitoris and she instantly saw stars, despite it being the middle of the day.
"A-A-Ahh...my Arceus...keep g-going Sean..." she moaned, bucking her hips harder against his face and taking more of his tongue inside her. She wanted it, and she wanted as much as she could take. Sean smiled to himself, knowing he found the areas that she liked having touched. So, he licked the same spot he touched with his lips earlier, while touching the outer parts with his fingers, lightly, but enough to make her notice.
He knew every part of her, every area she liked to be touched by a male's tongue. His fingers felt strange at first, only because he was the first human she did this with. Suicune let out more fluids on his mouth, letting him drink them up as much as he wanted. Already she was getting close and she hoped he would do more. Sean squealed with happiness when more of her juices were offered as drink. He began lapping them up right away, while nibbling at her folds slightly, like a hungry baby. His fingers traced the outlines of her opening, pressing the skin slightly.
Suicune was beside herself with pleasure; she could not wait to have him inside her. She was growing impatient, impatient with powerful lust as her fluids continued flowing.
"Yes...just do that Sean. Your mouth feels heavenly..." she breathed out, laying her head on the grass and panting heavily like she was going into labor. It would not be much longer now...
Sean was thirsty. Very thirsty. and the liquids Suicune's pussy offered were very tasty. So he pushed his tongue as far as he could, and sucked her fluids at a fast pace, while his teeth played with her folds naughtily. Sean hoped she might come again, from his licking...
Her entire body began to shake madly. Tremors bombarded her to the point she could barely handle what was happening to her; she was going to cum, and Sean was making it happen.
"S-Sean...I c-can't hold it!" she cried out to the heavens as her love juice exploded out like a volcano releasing its lava, drenching his face and leaving the Legendary Pokémon a panting, nearly-exhausted mess. Sean was surprised by the deluge of her cum that splashed in his face, but managed to drink a good deal of it, and licked off the rest.
"That was fantastic, Suicune..." he panted, licking his lips. She lifted herself up and smiled at him, panting somewhat hard.
"Thank you, I enjoyed it and I'm glad you did..." she stood and turned around with her rear facing him. "Alright Sean, I'm ready for the best part..." she panted, pressing her chest against the ground and shaking her rump a few times to tease him.
"Thank you, my love. I hope I do well." Sean replied, positioning himself behind her. He inhaled and exhaled deeply, and then squeezed his throbbing member inside of Suicune. He was surprised at how warm her insides felt, for a Water Pokémon...
She groaned at the feeling of having a male inside her, having not felt it in an awful long time. "Ah...yessss...such a long time..." she moaned, pushing back against him. His human member felt different, but not in a bad way. She spread her hind legs apart to let Sean have as much room as he possibly needed.
Sean felt good when she groaned, knowing she wanted him to do it. Although it was a first time for him, and his partner was a Pokémon, he had the knowledge of what he was supposed to do. He started thrusting inside of her, grunting as her tight walls squeezed his dick, giving him pleasure experienced never before. Suicune closed her eyes and pressed her head against the ground, moaning softly as he thrust into her.
"Oh...a-ah...Sean..." she moaned out his name in her seductive voice, looking back at him with soft eyes. Her fluids lathered up his cock to make the ride smoother and hotter for both of them. When she looked up at him, his heart melted, and he smiled sweetly at her, and said, while picking up the pace, but by bit:
"I love you...beautiful legend of the waters... My heart fell for you, Suicune..." He held onto her hips, since he needed to have some support, in this mad ride of love. Her moaning got louder as his thrusts picked up speed and she continued looking at him.
"I-I love you S-Sean...please, d-don't stop...don't ever stop..." she let her tongue fall from her mouth as she pushed back against him, taking more of his hot girth inside. Her words were a strong incentive, and he began pounding harder, slamming her ass with his hips, as he drilled her rapidly. He was heating up again, and could barely think straight because of it. He loved this moment of closeness, and aimed to make it the best in his and her life.
The water maiden kept her eyes closed the entire time, hanging her head with her pink tongue hanging from her mouth., The cold water in her body was boiling, all because of Sean's hot ecstatic thrusting which made her insides jump and quiver with pleasure.
"Oh...O-Oh Arceus, it's so good Sean...you're very...g-good at this..." she panted out, lifting her head to look back at him again through her tearing, foggy eyes, mouth curled up as she panted softly in pure delight, leaking so profusely onto him...
Sean smiled when Suicune cried out... Her words were very flattering, and he pushed harder into her, wanting to make her pleasure go to even higher levels, than just a moment before. His hands massaged her body carefully, hoping to make her warm up, and melt, from the intensity of love we shared. "I'm close...Suicune..." he announced, panting hard.
Suicune clenched her eyes shut as her velvety vaginal walls hugged his human rod tightly, like a hand in a tight silken glove, getting some of his hot human pre inside her hot and cold body. "Oh...yes, I-I am too, Sean." She panted out in her majestic voice, as sweet as honey to his ears. H-Hold on until...u-unitl I...c-cum first..." She moaned louder and harder, her backward thrusting getting more enthusiastic as she started to pour her liquids out all over the ground, indicating she was so very, very close...
"I will try...my love..." he replied, while pounding away at her tight passage. It felt so good, natural, smooth... he let his hands roam over her beautiful body, and make her come closer and closer to the blissful explosion that would come. Her panting turned him on immensely, and he thrust just that bit harder, after hearing her.
His hands felt so good on her slim body, any cold area instantly heating up. "A-Agh! Yes Sean! Oh I'm cumming!" she announced to her human lover, throwing her heat back as her love passage instantly encased him in a tight, lovely hold, her beautiful body shaking in sexual ecstasy as she came hard onto him. her fluids squirting in every direction, racking her with incredible pleasure.
"O-Oh Mighty Arceus!" she screamed out, eyes wide and claws digging into the grass as her back arched and pushed back against Sean, taking all of him inside her hot body as she drenched his crotch and legs with her warm watery cum, sweet scent drowning the air.
Sean could not hold it any more, after his lover came hard, covering his crotch in cum. With a long and loud groan, he leaned forward, and after a few quick thrusts, exploded inside of her pussy. He filled her for a minute, until he was empty.
"So good...I could not resist..." the painter said, breathing hard after he sat down, fully spent. She gave a loud groan herself and rubbed the side of her face all over the grass, clenching her eyes shut as she felt her human lover's seed flow inside her body, through her tight cervix all the way into her cavernous womb. It filled her with a nice warmth, and even though it was nowhere near as hot as an Arcanine's seed, or even Entei's, it still felt very nice inside her watery body.
"It's okay...S-Sean, it's very...n-nice..." she said happily, looking back at him as excess seed and other fluids dripped from her pussy, splashing on the backs of her legs, She remained in the mating position, her rear end in the air with her chest pressed on the grass. "Thank you, S-Sean, that was...so great.." she thanked the human teen, panting very softly.
"It indeed was, Suicune. I don't think I've enjoyed any day as much as this one. You felt...wonderful." Sean replied, looking at the attractive Legendary Pokemon with whom he was united, just minutes ago. The forrest was quiet, except them two. They had all the time in the world...
The forest was quiet, as usual. What else would you expect from a forest? Loud noises and lots of people?
Hell no.
Not only quiet, but dark and practically empty, all the residents tucked away and asleep for the night. The breeze was gentle, only rustling the leaves slightly and adding to the relaxing atmosphere along with the chirping of Kricketune, the moon high in the sky and bathing the forest in its soft pale light. This was just the time of night he liked. Lucario found it very relaxing to just walk around the forest in this atmosphere, no one bothering him just him and his Aura powers which he trained extensively.
"Concentrate…concentrate…the Aura is with me…" He repeated in his mind. It was almost a ritual, a daily, even an hourly ritual to hone his control over the Aura and improve it as much as he could. Like all Lucario, he developed a consistent fear at birth that his powers would gradually weaken over time, and eventually vanish all together. Without the Aura guiding him, surviving out here would be impossible. And if a Trainer happened to capture him, he would be unable to perform the tasks a Lucario swears to perform, such as protecting their Trainer from all harm. Just the thought of losing the power…
Lucario's eye lids twitched as the thought nearly made him lose his concentration. "Concentrate Lucario! Concentrate for Arceus's sake! You're better than this!"
The blue-furred jackal Pokémon used his aura sense to look at the blue cloud of aura building. He smiled but managed to keep the same constant level of concentration. To give himself an extra incentive to train harder, he swore to himself if he failed to focus every hour, he would not eat for the rest of that day. Sure, it sounds extreme to do something like that to himself, but it was very effective, especially during the wee morning hours.
The Aura Sphere gradually expanded in his paws as he walked along, his eyes glowing beneath his eye lids. His muzzle twitched as he concentrated all power into his paws. His muscles twitched everywhere, mainly in his paws. He smirked happily as the orb grew to overtake his paws, a soft humming coming from the sphere. The immediate area glowed a soft blue in the light it produced.
"Come on, you can do it…just a little more…" he said, gritting his teeth as he pumped more energy into the sphere. He stopped in his tracks to concentrate fully, give his aura- produced weapon all his attention. Damn him if this was easy, because it wasn't. Yes the orb was at least the size of his head and completely concealed his paws from even his aura sight.
"Just…a little…more…" he said, bearing his fangs as he forced more energy into the orb. Strenuous training like this made him wonder many, many times before if what he was doing was rational. He never met a Lucario, or even an Alakazam who trained this extensively. It was strange… Many called him crazy for it; kill himself in Aura training, or no eating. They just…didn't understand. Lucario wanted to be his best, give it his all for Arceus's sake!
The humming Aura Sphere got louder, gradually. The translucent insides of the orb twisted and turned like an out of control planetarium, a vortex sucking up everything. This much forced concentration put a lot of stress on his body but he did his best to ignore it; he could handle it. If he survived the rampage of four furious Gyrados, he could keep his own powers in control. His heart beat faster and faster, his lungs struggling to supply him with adequate air; his whole body tried to keep up with him. The orb continued to expand and shake as the power became so great he knew it would burst if he didn't keep control. No, no don't fail. Don't let it go. Concentrate…
Somewhere nearby in the same exact forest (obviously), another lone Pokémon wandered around on all fours, sniffing at the ground occasionally like a tracking dog. Its dark fur blended it in with the equally dark scenery, making him totally invisible to the naked eye. The Pokémon was a Zoroark, a male one. Like all Zoroark his body was naturally slender yet muscular with a long and pointed muzzle, thick red mane flowing behind him, and like all other Zoroark he had a sly yet fierce nature, as well as a few naughty attributes. Pokémon scientists knew this about Zoroarks but they were unable to discover where this nature came into play; the truth was Zoroark were know to be naughty when mating. And this Zoroark was no exception.
He sighed to himself as he rubbed a patch of grass with his paw for no particular reason; mostly because he was bored. He pushed himself up and stood up on his back legs, hanging his arms at his side as he went along that way, the pads of his feet making his trek across the grassy landscape more quiet. He too liked the forest when it was quiet and dark, for the most part. He liked it when he had something to do. It set the mood for whatever he was doing and because he preferred to do most things without anyone around the quiet surroundings helped add to the serenity of the atmosphere. He could move around and practice his Illusion without fear of confrontation from neither Pokémon or human.
But on nights like this, when he had nothing to do, he couldn't just enjoy the beauty of his home like most would, especially at night when it was hard to see. Granted he could see in the dark, but it's hard to enjoy things in the darkness. For most males it was unfortunate the forest was nearly empty at this time of night, at this time of the year. And, which time might it be? The season, the season when females go into heat. There was just one problem though. Even though his male body was still affected by the scent of a female in heat and it aroused him greatly, he wanted a male. A nice little male Pokémon to have "fun" with. You could call it one of those "naughty" quirks his species are known for, if you wanted to.
"This whole forest can't be empty…" He mumbled. "I can't be the only Pokémon around here." Standing close to the tree line he ran his paw across each one he passed, feeling the warm bark and the life radiating through each one. It was amazing, these trees, as lifeless as they seemed, were as alive as he was… Zoroark smiled softly. It was amazing what the creator Arceus did with his powers, creating this wonderful world for humans and Pokémon to thrive in…
He looked up at the canopies of the trees as he walked along, making light little patterns in the wood but not breaking the surface of the bark. He looked away from the trees, his pace declining to a slow walk. He wondered if he should just give up and head back to his den because he searched for a possible mate the past couple of days or so, and had no luck yet. But that was mostly his fault because he didn't venture too far from the perimeter around his den. Yeah, he could see in the dark but he wasn't too reliant on it. He could get lost at any time.
Zoroark rubbed his muzzle and stopped next to the nearest tree, looking at the grass. Another night without finding a male, what shitty luck. Time to throw in the towel again and head on back to the den. He turned around and took a single step closer to his den before a sharp flash off in the trees caught his attention. His head snapped to the left and a glimmer of hope sparked inside him. He spent so many waist hours searching for a male that he was certain it was just his mind telling him what he wanted to know, telling him what he wanted to hear.
But a second flash told him otherwise. This was a new sight! That had to be a Pokémon! He hoped, at least. Either way he turned back around and got on all fours before taking off running as fast as he could towards the source, his excitement going up tenfold. He pinpointed the exact location of the light as he darted through the trees, careful not to slip up.
"Oh please Arceus let it be a male…" Arceus has a way of playing with his subjects, messing with them. Knowing his luck, the mighty Pokémon god probably made the source of the light come from a female Pokémon or one who couldn't mate, like Bronzong or Magneton. He didn't want to run all the way over there only to find his hopes dashed. He followed the sound carefully, listening for when it got louder; but all he really had to do was follow the light.
Eventually he found the cause of the disturbance in the tranquil ambiance, and could not believe his eyes. In the middle of the little clearing a single Lucario stood there, charging a rather large Aura Sphere in his paws. Zoroark couldn't believe his eyes but he quickly dove behind a tree to hide from the Pokémon's possible Aura Sight.
He peeked from behind the tree, looking at him. He could tell it was a male, due to the lack of breasts and the masculine muscle structure. Was Arceus smiling down on him this evening, because he just struck gold. Zoroark smiled from ear to ear.
"My my, you're really working hard there…" he whispered to no one in particular. By the looks of it the Lucario was a young one, younger than him anyway, and a little smaller. Just a little. Zoroark licked his muzzle slowly, feeling the soft warm air touch the tip of his cock barely poking out from his furry grey sheath. Already the jackal was arousing him…
His body was nicely shaped in such a way that it gave him this cute boyish look, and that's what he liked in a male; it complimented their youth nicely. He couldn't really see his rear end from this angle but he knew he wanted to see it. Oh, such a cute little Lucario. He had to have him and he knew exactly how to do it.
"I know what will attract you…what will lure you…" he said, a devilish smile coming across his muzzle. "A little disguise." The illusory Fox Pokémon stepped back a few from the tree and leapt into the air, his body enveloped in a purple light; he landed softly in a new transformation, that of a female Lucario.
He stood there in his new form, looking at his body to make sure he had all the features that would make him attractive to any male. He looked behind him and set his paws on his new perfectly rounded rear end, giggling softly as he felt the soft blue fur. Before he could make any further observations the heat took its effect on his new body. His entire body grew hot and spread mainly to his new opening, lips pushing out moisture and a sweet odor into the air. Zoroark made a soft whining sound at the strange sensations, a paw shooting down between his legs and rubbing his pussy.
"W-Wow, this is so new…" he giggled, rubbing the back of his head as he fingered himself, panting and moaning softly, his nipples hardening and more juice building up within him. So this was what it was like to be a female in heat; he disguised himself as a female many times before but never during the season. Strong desire flooded his feminine frame and all he could think about was sex. Sex…sex…nothing but sex. He giggled and panted, unable to help himself, it was just so interesting to do this. He looked up from watching his body react to how the Lucario would react…
Lucario grunted and growled, his paws aching as he forced himself to hold on to the Aura Sphere; it was easily up to his forearms and he could its power increasing dramatically. It was of good size for an Aura Sphere, quite possibly a new record.
"Yes, I'm getting it! I'm…" Lucario was so certain he could keep the orb for much longer. His mind set firmly on his energy-produced sphere, eliminating all other thoughts. Meditation, full-blown meditation. All worries pushed to the back of his head, just focusing on the orb. The Aura Sphere required so much of his energy he had to take short breaths through his nose every few seconds, and on the next sniff, his nose picked up the smell. The smell, the smell that made his eyes shoot open.
Just like that the Aura Sphere exploded in his paws like a mild explosive, creating a loud bursting sound and sending him flat on his rear. Lucario wanted to scream out loud, if he wasn't so tired. He had to catch his breath, breathing hard through his open mouth and the stress on his body finally catching up to him.
"No…a-after all…that…work…!" Lucario whined unhappily, rubbing his forehead and sitting up. He was tired but he was a strong Pokémon so his energy came back rather quickly. Only when he resumed breathing through his nose did he pick up the smell again, and realize what it was.
Female in heat.
"Oh…I almost…forgot…" he panted, standing up automatically and looking around the forest. The scent made his own body react normally and his sheath parted open for his pointed shaft, gradually sliding further out. It was amazing what a female's scent could do; one minute he focused all his energy on that one Aura Sphere…now he wanted to mate. Lucario didn't know where the smell could be coming from until a gentle giggle and the sound of rustling leaves told him where to go. He closed his eyes and the forest was bathed with dark blue aura; a light blue shape moving through the forest ahead, a familiar shape, made him smile brightly.
"You're not getting away from me…" he said softly and licked his muzzle before he took a step back and prepped himself before he took off running after the shape, using his aura sight to find her exact location. She ran away from him, getting further and further away. Grunting as he dodged the trees, he gasped for air already as his pace started to weaken; he didn't give his body a long enough rest. He clenched his eyes and grit his teeth, barely dodging a tree and almost losing the female in the process.
He watched her, a little blue dot in the distance. Damn, she was fast. Maybe a little too fast, because she soon disappeared from his sight. Damn it! Lucario growled madly but continued running for a little while longer, soon coming to a stop to catch his breath. Boy, he needed a nice long rest…
Lucario opened his eyes and found himself in front of a slightly elevated cave opening in the face of a mountain. Did she go in here, he wondered? There was only one way to find out; he needed to mate and if she was in there, he would find her. Cautious he stepped into the dark cave, the moonlight allowing him to see only a few feet in.
"Is this a trap of sorts…?" Lucario thought, his red eyes narrowing and a deep grunt coming out of him. "Heat can make a female act so strange…"
He stared into the darkness, his eyes well-adjusted to the low light level. He could barely make out the features of the figure standing not too far back, and he could tell what it was; what she was. He swallowed slightly, because the female was a Lucario. And by the looks of it, she had a very nice body…
"Hello there, handsome boy…" a feminine voice radiated from the figure, full of friendliness and a lot of playfulness. A drop of sweat went down his face as he watched the female step closer, her frame slightly visible in the soft dark. Arceus…she did have an amazing body. Her hips formed a nice hourglass shape with a nicely rounded rear end on the bottom, two firm ripe breasts adorned on her chest like crown jewels of a royal family, tall pointed ears, a nice ruffle of fur around her neck, and finally a long flowing tail wagging behind her.
She was…perfect. But if only he knew what was hiding beneath that illusion…
"You…y-you were the one running from me, weren't you?" Lucario asked, panting as the heat flooded his nostrils.
The female came closer to him, close enough so the moonlight could shine down on her and reveal the features of her whole body; the most notable one being the shimmering juice soaked into the fur of her thighs. Lucario stared; he didn't mean to, but he could not help it.
"I'm sorry I broke your concentration back there," she said in an apologetic voice. "My heat made me do it. You're very handsome…"
Lucario's face went red, making his face a soft shade of purple, more so as she walked around him. It seemed she had tastes when it came to choosing a mate. At least that's what he could make out, and she was just making sure he had all the features of a good mate. But he had different plans for her. When he back faced towards him he reached back and firmly grabbed her rear end. Zoroark giggled in his disguise, looking back at him with lusty red eyes.
"Oh, you're as eager as I am aren't you?" she asked in a soft voice, touching his paw and rubbing it across her rear end. Lucario smiled and licked his lips, turning to her and gripping her ass with both paws.
"M-Mm…" Zoroark moaned and rubbed his firm breasts, pussy dripping sweet honey freely. Lucario panted and took a deep whiff of the sweet air and smiled brightly. It was absolutely intoxicating, the best smell in the world to a male. His arousal slid further out of its furry casing, up to the round ball of flesh and the base that would lock him to his mate. He was quite thick already, but that was no surprise when it came to Pokémon like Lucario.
"You like that don't you babe?"" Lucario asked the aroused female in a sly tone of voice as he groped her slender hips. She simply nodded and looked back at him, pushing her rear on his paws. Lucario gave a soft moan-like sound and rubbed his paw up the length of her tail, circling the very base with a single claw. Still looking at him she stuck her ass out and lifted her tail up, the furry appendage curling up over her arched back, showing her submission to him. Zoroark's ecstasy elevated madly; he had to finger himself to relieve the pleasure building inside him. Making his moves based on her reactions (he could tell he was doing good) Lucario slowly slid a paw under her tail and felt her tailhole; much to his surprise she was not tight back there, but very loose.
"W-Wow…y-you're pretty loose…" Lucario said in a weak voice, feeling ill all of a sudden. A female…with a loosened ass. Oh, how…how…Lucario couldn't even find the right words to describe it. Zoroark smiled and purred softly. That wasn't part of the Illusion like the rest of his body; he was really that loose back there.
"Uhuh…" she said, nodding slowly. "I'm…a bit of an ass slut…" She panted and smiled. Lucario swallowed as he felt his insides grow hot. He could not help himself, he just couldn't. He rubbed her loosened hole with his soft furry fingers, lightly pressing it inside. Zoroark groaned and panted harder as he bucked back against his paw.
"Mm…you…" she moaned, her soaked thighs creating a pool of liquid under her. Lucario wiggled his finger around inside, feeling her warm muscles and quickly getting acquainted with them. Zoroark leaned his head back and panted louder, paw moving faster along his flared and sensitive folds. He wondered how much longer he should keep the Illusion up, because he didn't want to do it like this much longer…
The air was thick and sweet, no more room for clean and fresh air. He made a slight yipping sound when he felt Lucario's rod on his ass. He buckled slightly and panted louder before starting to move forward. Lucario moved along with until she leaned against the wall, pressing her paws on the stone and sticking her ass out for him so his fingers could feel more. Lucario's eyes went all over her body and he wondered if was possible for a female to have this perfect of a body. Was he dreaming, or was this possibly some kind of trick? Hell, he wasn't sure…
Zoroark was amused; his illusion fooled the Lucario completely. Of course if he tried without the illusion the sexy male might've refused him. He still wondered, really, really wondered, what would happen if he let his ruse dissolve…
"It's so…please don't get…mad but…it's so rare for a female to h-have an ass t-this..lo-oose…" he said, smiling gently and licking his muzzle. Zoroark looked back at him and smiled, shaking his head. Lucario nodded and pushed his finger in a little deeper, loving the reaction he got from her. But what he didn't expect was for her to reach back, take hold of his wrist, and move it for him. He watched with widened eyes as she fucked herself with his hand, moaning and making other pleasured noises. While she did that, Lucario rubbed his hard shaft with his other paw and greatly enjoyed watching her.
"You're so…s-so hot…" Lucario breathed out as he became even more aroused, closing his eyes as he jerked off. Her grip tightened around his wrist as she moved his paw with more speed and force. He winced as her claws dug into her skin and accidentally made his aura senses go off.
As soon as they went off and he saw the light blue figure in front of him, his mind immediately told him something was wrong. He was no longer looking at a Lucario. He opened his eyes, thinking he was crazy, but a Lucario was certainly standing there. But with his aura sight, it was an entirely different Pokémon looking back at him. A long red mane flowed down its back; that was all he could see from the rear other than the Pokémon lacking…certain feminine features. Lucario opened his eyes as he panted nervously, his heart beat getting louder.
"What…w-what are you?" he asked with a slight growl, pulling away from the female.
Zoroark felt him leave, and within a second he knew he saw through his ruse. But he wasn't nervous, not one bit. Not after all they did so far…
She smiled at him and turned around and smiled before she leapt into the air and became the pink glowing orb before shifting back into his true form, right in front of him. Lucario's eyes widened in complete shock. She was really a Zoroark? He realized he was fooled by her Illusion; the notorious Illusion. But his guess of "her" gender was corrected when he saw the thick red appendage sticking up between "her" legs.
The Zoroark was a male!
"W…What the hell is this…?" Lucario said weakly stepping back from the male.
Zoroark smiled and chuckled mischievously, a soft purr coming from his throat. Lucario bit his lip nervously and completely involuntarily looked down at the dark fox's thick rod; even the knot was inflated and he was…fairly big.
"Do you like what you see?" he asked as he advanced towards him and gaining a deep blush from the jackal who looked away.
He was tricked, and it made him mad…though he was thoroughly confused. He wasn't tearing the Zoroark's throat out for pulling that trick on him; he was still aroused as a matter of fact because the scent of heat hung thickly in the air. Did he like what happened even though he was close to actually fucking another male? He tried to go over the answer in his head but a grab to his shoulders ended all that and he was brought to the ground by the Illusory Fox, in between his legs.
Lucario wanted to say something but found himself without words as the larger fox stared at him, paws gripped on his shoulders. He stared back, gritting his teeth and growling with just a little threat.
"You're such a sexy little Lucario…" the Zoroark said with a lot of lust in his voice, a single red claw stroking the fur of his cobalt cheek. Lucario growled and tried to pull away, looking down at the organ covered with natural lubrication that was so close to his belly. He knew what he wanted to do with that, and yet he still did not fight it all the way.
Zoroark's paw touched his chest, running his claws through the soft fur and making circles around the sharp spike. Lucario groaned and looked him in the eyes, his own glowing faintly. Zoroark wasn't afraid of what Lucario could do to him. He seemed confident Lucario wouldn't fight back…
The Fighting-type clenched his paws shut as his back was stroked like a male would with a female. That's how he started to feel as Zoroark touched his body everywhere; his hips, highs, waist, chest, all of it. All of it was touched.
"Stop…t-touching me…" he growled and made a little noise when Zoroark suddenly grabbed his rear end. His tail twitched up on its own, lifting up slightly in the pending sign of submission, like a female wanting to be mated.
Zoroark smirked and ran his paw up and down the underside of his long tail. Lucario felt his body relaxing under his gentle touching. He was greatly confused by the way his body was reacting. He was a male, not a female for crying out loud! But the horny Zoroark seemed to like it that way.
Lucario had to look down at his cock and winced as it throbbed and leaked thick fluid, dripping on Zoroark's thigh. His body needed as much of a release as he knew Zoroark's did; or in this case, as much as he wanted. One of them was going to take it up the tailpipe, and he had a feeling it was not going to be Zoroark. The fox smirked again. The paw pressing on his back extended his chest towards him. Lucario looked away and panted softly, grabbing Zoroark's thick wrists in an attempt to keep them in place.
"S-Stop it…" he said, glaring slightly at him with an open mouth and pushing his paws away. "I'm a male dammit, a male…"
"I know," he affirmed. "I happen to like males…" he gave Lucario's tail a hard tug. The smaller male let out a sharp cry of pain but was cut short; Zoroark took the brief opportunity of his open mouth and pulled him into a kiss.
Lucario's eyes widened and he flushed like mad as his pulse went up. Now he was being kissed by another male! Lucario's paws pressed on his thick black shoulders but in a brief moment, for only a second or two, it felt like he was trying to pull him closer, rather than push him away…
He held the sexy young Lucario in his paws as he caressed the cobalt fur. He knew based on his reactions the canine was a virgin back there. A virgin… He would be so tight…so nice, hot, and tight…
Lucario groaned and clenched his eyes when Zoroark's tongue began sliding into his mouth. It was hot and wet, and because of their close to equal-length muzzles it was hard to maneuver around. But that didn't mean he didn't try. Zoroark tilted his muzzle to the side so he could kiss him deeper, rubbing the roof of his mouth. He held his shoulders tightly, weakly trying to push him away but not doing much about it. He allowed the fox to have his mouth. He shivered immensely when the fox rubbed their tongues together, their taste buds exchanging strange and indescribable flavors.
Zoroark grinned over the kiss as he gave Lucario's rear a firm slap with his right paw, gaining a soft and muffled "oh", followed by a little whine. Zoroark's twitched and he sighed softly, the whine sounding so cute to him, reminiscent of a little pup's whine. Just when Lucario thought things couldn't get more complicated he felt the Dark Pokémon's red-hot length rub against his own. His body was already hot and sweaty from the heat transferred by the other male, and now it was blazing like an Infernape's insides, scorching him from the inside out. Lucario automatically extended his claws and lightly stabbed his shoulders as a small warning. Zoroark winced but ignored the slight discomfort as he grinded their caninehoods together, the throbbing red skin hot to the touch. Lucario clenched his eyes tightly and grit his teeth hard, pleasure rocketing through him.
Zoroark's paws were still planted firmly on Lucario's rear, claws playing with his tail every few seconds. He thought he was done when he felt a single paw leave, but seconds later it came back and two claws were wet. They traveled over his ass as they went closer to the center until his tips made contact with his tight little hole.
Lucario gasped and breathed in hard, finally able to break away from the kiss, their mouths covered with saliva.
"N-Not there…anywhere b-but there…" he growled as he dug his claws into his shoulders. Zoroark winced again, smirking slightly. Feeling such a tight little virgin ass around his claws made him lick his lips hungrily, immense desire filling him. He wanted the Aura Pokémon. He wanted him badly…
Lucario moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure as a single claw penetrated him, his inexperienced rear opening up for the foreign object. Zoroark licked his muzzle back and forth, left to right, wetting the fur around his mouth with more thick saliva. He held the perfect male against him and purred softly at him, rubbing his soft bottom and wiggling the thin claw tip around as it pushed a little deeper with great gentleness.
"G-Get it out….Get i-it out…" he whined and growled, his eyes still shut. Zoroark's claw was hard; very, very hard and he could feel how smooth it was, allowing for an easier entry.
"You're so tight back there…it's so cute…" the Dark-type droned, licking the side of his face as he worked his claw in and out of him, stretching his virgin walls as it went a bit deeper. Lucario's fur dampened with perspiration. This new feeling brought so many new sensations all at once, some of them painful. His innards squeezed slightly starting at the base of his stomach and slowly working its way up. His long tail stayed lifted up and allowed Zoroark to finger him without interference.
The jackal could have used his aura powers to overpower the fox a long time ago…but the only problem was he could not concentrate. There were too many distractions he could not focus on anything. It was like he feared, losing his powers, unable to use them. His knot ached, his member begging for a release. The stimulation in his rectum made it harder to resist Zoroark's advances, as his middle claws tickled his rim before he made room and slid it through his ring muscle. Lucario made a shaky gasping sound as he shook his head. He was stretched further open, knowing Zoroark was doing this to prepare him for what was going to happen. Zoroark pulled him close, their bodies full-on touching except of his chest because of the chest spike. He was getting impatient with himself but continued on with his work, greatly enjoying Lucario's reaction as he stroked his back as he did before, running his claws through the soft fur.
"T-Take them out…they h-hurt…" he lied, just wanting them out of his rectum as he panted and groaned softly. He could feel his tight walls hugging the claws, sucking at them greedily. He looked far back and arched slightly to look at it, his insides going tight at the sight of Zoroark's paw working at his anus.
"Alright cutie, no claws?" Zoroark asked, cocking his head to the side. He expected this from Lucario; all virgins were nervous about being claw-fucked. Who wouldn't be? Lucario shook his head and whined as his wish was granted and the claws slid slowly from his opening. His rear felt like it was gaping open, gasping for air, stretched open by the invasive fingers. He kept his eyes closed, heart beating hard in his chest.
The next question made his eyes widen: "Are you ready?"
The young Lucario gasped, his mouth hanging open. Oh Arceus, this was it. "I…I-I don't k-know…"
No matter what answer he gave him Zoroark turned him around in his lap and moved him forward where Lucario had to stop his fall by pressing his paws on the cave floor. He whined as Zoroark moved his legs into position so he was in the doggy-style position. Not once did Lucario ever imagine himself like this in front of another male, but now that it was actually happening he felt…excited.
"You're so sexy…so hot, so attractive…" Zoroark said in a dreamy-like voice as he kissed the small of his back. Lucario growled when he smacked his rear again, his arms tensing up. He was still confused, knowing damn well if he regretted doing this it would be his fault. But he was giving in to him, letting himself be taken over by the dark fox like a female. He was sure he wanted this as much as he did…the smell of heat still flowed through his respiratory system and he was still very aroused. That moment he started wondering how it would feel to be mated by another male…
"You a-a-ass…you t-tricked me…" he growled in a small voice, shaky as he stared back at him with slightly glazed eyes. Zoroark smile barely fell and he growled slightly, running his paw up his back and stroking his shoulders.
"You wouldn't have agreed if I came to you…like this." He pointed out, rubbing his rear with his soft silky paw, long pink tongue flicking across the fur.
"I…I…I-I…Oh…" he stammered, closing his eyes and panting like a dog in heat, head hanging down. His cock throbbed and dripped out the pent-up load it carried. Zoroark's hot tongue made his spine arch and shiver. He grunted sharply when the thick paw made contact with his ass again. The tremor spread through his nerves and he dripped harder. Another swat, right after the last made his tail hike up further, standing erect in the air. The fox liked spanking him for some reason. It made him…anxious.
Zoroark went lower and moved his paw to brush the back of Lucario's furry balls. He played with them slightly, gently scratching them with those two claws. Lucario's hips involuntarily thrust his hips forward, pre spurting up onto his soft belly. Zoroark giggled and messed with him down there before giving him a soft lick, running his tongue all the way up to his tight pucker.
"O-Oh…Knock it o-off…" he grunted, digging his claws into the dirt. Both paws gripped his bottom as Zoroark exposed more of his tight back door. He felt so drawn to it, like it was just begging for him. He wanted to take the cute Lucario right up his tight tailhole, feel it around him.
Lucario waited in that position for what Zoroark was going to do next. At this point he didn't know what to expect from the naughty Pokémon. Would his…shaft come next or if he would try something else on him. Now, his biggest fear was he wouldn't be able to take him up there and wouldn't come out without injury. He narrowed his eyes and closed his mouth when hot breath billowed over his rear. Lucario looked back to see Zoroark's face close to his ass. His blue eyes shimmered in the moonlight, locking with his red spheres. He stared at him, searching for an ounce of something. He didn't know what he wanted to see though. Something, anything…
"Let's get you nice and wet…" Zoroark said with a soft smile. Lucario couldn't see with his tail blocking part of his face. At first he didn't know what he meant but when a hot and wet sensation touched his hole, his breath went shaky in an instant.
T-Take it o-out…It f-feels so ugh…weird…" Lucario moaned, leaning on his elbows and breathing deep and slow. His tongue was slick and hot, more soft and flexible than his claws. There was no doubt about it anymore as Zoroark explored his rectal cavity; he was getting very excited. Even if he did take the place of the female.
"Mm…wonderful…" Zoroark thought blissfully as he tasted the superb musk that could only come from a male. The purpose of this was to lubricate his tunnel even though the natural moisture built on his member from inside his sheath would make it slick enough, but he wanted to make it nice and wet. Zoroark brought up more saliva and applied it to his tailhole, pushing his tongue in and out, slightly mimicking the motions of sex.
Lucario shook his head as pleasure flooded him and a deep groan escaped him. His knot pulsated madly, actually hurting from the lack of attention. It was driving him mad, as well was Zoroark's licking. He licked, sucked, nibbled, just about everything that left the young male whimpering.
"Enough fooling around, he's wet enough. I must have him now…" Zoroark mumbled under his breath. Even though he didn't want to leave his rear end, he forced himself to, his lust-filled mind drowning with thoughts of the other male. The dark fox straightened up and licked his muzzle with hunger; pure, carnal hunger. Lucario's eyes went wide as Zoroark's paws went around his waist. His teeth clenched as the sharp tip of the male's cock touched his tight virgin tailhole.
Zoroark sat up straight, a sly smile on his face as he set his paws on his lower back and rubbing them the up to his shoulders all the way down to his rump. He stared at his rear and he gave it another swat, unable to help himself. The jackal yipped loudly and his tailhole automatically tightened around his tip for a second.
"Get ready cutie…" he said in a soft and lusty voice "To take it up your cute little tailhole."
Lucario blushed hard at his words, talking to him like he was a female. He straightened himself up and grunted as Zoroark began pushing inside with gradual slowness. He played with his back and rear end continuously. He felt some kind of attraction to his rear, something he could not explain. He always had a thing for cute males like this Lucario, and he just could not get enough of it. Lucario moaned and panted to the air, expelling the intense heat building. The clenching of his body crept back on him like a thief in the night, gripping his stomach like a hand squeezed it in a tight vice. Zoroark panted along with him, growling as his tongue fell out the front of his muzzle. The jackal was so tight and clenched him like a tight silken glove, making him go mad with lust. The saliva coating his rear like a clear glaze and the natural lubrication on his cock allowed him to slid in with ease.
"O-Oh…I-It's…Mm…" Lucario grunted with pain and pleasure, forcing his body to loosen as it automatically tightened around him. Zoroark held the base of his dick to help guide him in accurately, lifting himself off his knees slightly to come in at a downward angle. The jackal moaned at the feeling and dug his claws into the dirt, leaning his head back as soft dog-like pants came from his muzzle. Zoroark lifted his paw and brought it down on his ass, the young Pokémon arching his back and groaning sharply as he pushed it up to the knot.
"It's in…Oh Arceus…" Lucario huffed into the air as Zoroark stayed firmly in place, his paws rested on his lower back. His tongue flicked up across his nose as he watched the Lucario's lithe body quiver. Already he was wiggling with pleasure, and he hadn't even started yet. Not wanting to waist a moment of control he pulled halfway out of his sucking walls and slammed back inside. Lucario practically whined at the sudden feeling and gasped for air, unable to keep himself from thrusting back on him.
Zoroark's eyes narrowed and he breathed out his arousal, simply setting his paws on his hips and lightly grabbing them as he pushed forward once, twice, repeating the motion before eventually setting on a gentle rhythm. Pressure built down below and hot cum dripped from his enlarged tip like a leaky faucet on the same are as before, adding to the little puddle beneath him. Lucario found himself moaning softly with Zoroark's thrusts, his head hanging down and his eyes clamped shut. He honestly never thought he would be taking a male up his ass, feeling it throb inside him. But, he liked the feeling and he was anxious to feel more. Zoroark's eyes did not leave the Lucario beneath him, his paws stroking his sides once more. The tan fur soft under his silky paws he rubbed him in a circular motion and disheveled a patch, doing it just to hear his lover's relaxed moans. Any noise he made he wanted to hear, and he loved how it flowed over his pointed ears.
Lucario's arms quiver as he looked between his legs at his throbbing arousal. He didn't know it had gotten that big, the way it would inside a female. The knot was thicker than ever and it dripped so much pre he was amazed he had not cum yet. Out of complete curiosity the canine lifted his head and looked back at Zoroark to see him stroking and licking his tail, arm snaking around his waist. Lucario half-closed his eyes and moaned softly as he looked into the larger male's eyes, planted firmly on his paws and knees so he could thrust into his willing and ever so loosening body.
His tongue traveled from one side of his muzzle to the other as he leaned forward over a little, panting in time with the other male's panting. Lucario adjusted the positioning of his body, clenching his paws and taking a slow deep breath. The bottom lungs clenched like his stomach did, his diaphragm pressing against his chest. The way his walls spread open and welcomed Zoroark in filled him with sharp stinging sensations, another shaky breath coming out of him. Zoroark kept the same steady rhythm present in his pelvic thrusts not letting them go above the constant, swatting Lucario's butt as just to hear him yip and moan. He let the furry blue tail fall to his sides so it could wag freely and he could focus his paws elsewhere. His right paw snaked around his stomach and he gently rubbed Lucario up his torso all the way down to his upper thigh, his touch avoiding his hardened manhood on purpose. The jackal whined and slightly and tried to touch the back of his paw with a single thrust but Zoroark pulled his paw up before it could happen.
Lucario whined pathetically and looked back at him. He smirked at the smaller male and scratched the back of his neck, stroking the tuft of tan fur. The petting, it reminded him of his mother holding him when he was a newborn pup, nuzzling him and rocking him to sleep. This gave him the same relaxing feeling…
Zoroark moaned into the thick cave air, his broad black-furred chest rising and falling. His paws constantly went to other parts of his body as he searched for the best place to hold him for leverage, finally sticking with just holding his hips. Lucario's insides were getting increasingly sensitive like those of a female, the muscles clenching him tightly and conforming to his size. It felt like his whole body was trying to adjust just from having taken Zoroark in.
"Mm…it's i-it's so…ugh…" Lucario grunted with each thrust that sent him swaying forward, Zoroark's pelvis hitting him hard and slapping his furry orbs against his rear. Lucario sucked in a sharp breath and arched slightly, vocalizing his pleasure for the older male to hear. He shifted his legs back to lean forward and let him have more room for penetration, forcing his tensed and excited body to relax and loosen his rear muscles.
"Relax cutie…just relax." Zoroark whispered, his voice soft and comforting in a way as his paws pressed on the small of his back. Lucario closed his eyes and thrust back against him, taking his words in and trying harder to relax. He panted and gasped, for it was very hard; he was as relaxed as he possibly could at the moment but his rectum kept tightening. Zoroark grunted as he pulled up to the very tip and waited for a few seconds before slamming back in, both males moaning in pure delight at once. Again Zoroark lifted himself up to achieve a few downward thrusts, his thick foxhood angled just right so the bulging underside would make contact with that special, sensitive spot inside. Lucario wheezed as pleasure electrified his nerves. A thin flow of fluids leaked from his tip and added to the puddle, his moaning becoming louder as he instantly desired to feel more.
Zoroark however, didn't feel very pleased. He frowned, his pace slowing down. He did not feel satisfied with the position any longer. He wanted something different as his own desire came up: the desire to feel more of his young lithe frame and the soft fur covering it. Lucario looked back at Zoroark with confusion and worry, hoping he wasn't getting tired. He whimpered when he pulled out and left him with a strange empty feeling, which he did not like. Opening his mouth to protest he was stopped when Zoroark pulled him up by his hips, looking back at the fox as he pulled them both to their feet. Zoroark stood over Lucario and stroked his side, the jackal blushing and smiling at him.
"Lean forward cutie. I'm going to try something new." The Dark-type droned into his ear.
Lucario nodded and did so, craning his trunk forward and presenting himself to him. He could not help himself and asked, "What are you…going to do?"
Zoroark would let him find out. His paws clamped around his waist as he held Lucario in place, lifting him up slightly to slide his way back into his ass. Lucario quivered and panted out loud, leaning over a little more to give him more space to maneuver. A sly smile came to Zoroark as he resumed thrusting. The Aura Pokémon stuck his rear out and spread his legs apart; he wasn't sure how much room or help he would need, but he wanted to make sure he had all he needed; he wanted more, as much as the bigger male had to offer.
The next thrust brought their furry body together with a soft "whump", Zoroark's balls smacking him once more and he wrapped his thick forearms around his hips and pulled his rear against his pelvis, his thick knot pressing and throbbing in between them. Lucario's eyes went wide as his throbbing arousal squirted thin liquid up on his stomach. Everything felt so good…his body, his knot, his thick hot member…all of it drove his body mad with lust and he just could not stay quiet; a pleasured moan escaped him every second. He held his thick wrists with a soft grasp, pressing himself eagerly into his strong warm body, their masculine frames rubbing and smacking together in the heated sexual engagement, moaning in the air together as the pleasure they experienced flowed through their grinding bodies.
Lucario finally wrapped a paw around his cock and stroked it softly, panting louder than ever now. "O-Oh…so goooood…"
Zoroark smiled and licked the back of his head and touched his paw before pulling it away from his shaft. "Allow me…"
Lucario watched his paw wrap around the hot red and resume for him. He groaned loudly as Zoroark jerked him off, his tongue dripping thick saliva onto the back of his paw. Mixtures of fluids dripped onto the floor as Lucario thrust into his palm, his other paw tightening around his wrist. Before anything else could even happen Zoroark got a change of heart and let him go, but not before giving the knot a soft squeeze.
Lucario huffed and chuckled softly. "That didn't…l-last long…"
"Well, I don't want you…cumming too soon." The fox replied, pressing on him hard as his tempo went up. Lucario gripped him tighter as he felt his insides stretching at a more constant pace than they did before. His weight went directly into his pelvis and each pound impacting with the jackal made him grunt sharply, clenching his teeth and eyes shut. Zoroark pressed his forehead into Lucario's shoulder as he carefully timed their thrusts, missing the timing on a few but getting it perfectly on most. Either way, they both loved it. His knot bulged like made, the veiny ball of flesh pushing on his anus with every powerful thrust he let off on him. With Lucario in a tight hug he kept him firmly in place so he could feel his fur and warm body heat, among other obvious reasons.
Lucario threw his head back and screamed out loud as his insides were stabbed by the sharp thick tip, pleasure spreading through him in harsh waves, stimulating the ends of his nerves. He wanted to rub the straining organ between his legs, he wanted to increase his pleasure tenfold, but instead all he was able to do was pull his paws from Zoroark's wrists and press them against the stone wall, leaning forward and hanging his head as he panted in pure delight. Zoroark growled deeply as his thick pre leaked into his tight hole, adding a bit of lubrication to his walls.
"Oh! Y-Yes! H-Harder!" he forces out in a shaky voice, shaking his head like mad as Zoroark's thrusting pushed him forward, his canine length flicking up against his stomach. Zoroark digs his claws into Lucario's stomach, still holding him in the tight hug as he moved faster. Lucario winced at the feeling of the sharp tips poking him but did his best to ignore it. Lucario's tongue hung out from his open muzzle, his moans hard and drawn out as he held onto the wall to keep himself from falling over.
Zoroark clenched his sharp fangs hard as his inner walls contracted around him so very tightly, the thick semen building and dispensing into the jackal's tight hot body. Lucario's stomach constricted in such an odd way that Lucario's eyes shot open, a deep groan escaping him.
"Oh, I c-can't hold it…" Zoroark stammered out, finding it harder to resist shoving his whole knot in him in that instant, but he gradually worked the orb of flesh inside him, the bulging sphere starting to spread him further open, more than what he was used to thus far.
With the feeling of his insides clenching hard around the knot as it slid in a little more, the ecstatic feeling of taking another male's knot inside him was just too much for him to handle all at once. His tunnel clenched down on him like a hot fleshy vice as his teeth clamped together to the point of hurting as his load begins shooting out in thick plentiful streams, the pearly white fluids cascading over the wall of the cave and his lower belly, a loud cry of absolute passionate delight erupting from him. After witnessing the sexy Lucario cum right in front of him and feeling the vice-like tightness clenching him, it was all it took for him to wiggle and shove the knot into him. Lucario's eyes shot open as his cry got louder, pain clutching his rear end as the knot spread him so far open. Zoroark grinded down on him as he gave his own little roar of pleasure, his knot swelling inside the male until they locked together. Zoroark's head goes back as he grabs onto his hips, grinding on his ass hard as his insides squeeze him over and over again until it was enough for him to hold him in place as his length erupted and dumped his seed inside him.
Lucario whined and moaned as he felt the thick, slick, and very hot fluids injected directly into his rear end, his own member letting off a few more shots of pure excitement. His body drowned in a mixture of pleasure and pain, wiggling his rear as Zoroark grinded on him still and struggling to stay standing up, his powerful legs beginning to give up on him. Zoroark could feel this as the jackal faltered in his arms, his paws sliding off the wall and ending up back on his hips, as if his paws were still there.
"Come on…let's go down and rest…" he whispered to the younger Pokémon. Lucario nodded and let Zoroark guide him to the floor of the cave, both of them resting on their knees as he hugged his hips again, Lucario rubbing his wrists softly. He panted with exhaustion, feeling the seed flow around and coat his insides like a thick glaze. It warmed him up immensely and he…loved it a lot.
Lucario looked back at him, drool dripping from his muzzle as a smile came across his face. Zoroark smiled back, but it quickly faded when the jackal started chuckling.
"What's so funny…?" he asked, taken aback.
"If you wanted a mate…" Lucario responded, his eyes half-closed. "You could have just asked me…"
Zoroark smiled and shook his head, licking the back of his head. "I told you, you wouldn't have accepted."
Lucario shook his head and reached back to rub the side of his face, turning his head to him. "How do you know I would have?"
Zoroark looked at him before he chuckled with him, pressing his muzzle against his as they shared a kiss. Now, this was what he wanted in a mate.
He hated this time of the year. Hated it a lot. Why, though? Why would a male hate this particular time of the year, when the warm autumn air began to cool in preparation for the coming of winter, the season that everyone referred to as "the season"? The season…like it was something everyone was expected to participate in. Not Zekrom. No, not the Deep Black Pokémon. He never partook in such events even if he wanted to. It's not like he couldn't, but…there were several reasons. It was a fact he was only compatible with his counterpart and ultimately, rival, Reshiram. But he didn't want to have anything to do with her when it came to that subject, no matter how…attractive of a dragoness she was.
Zekrom searched all of Unova for hours trying to find a place he could just rest in the sunlight, even if it did make his black scales hot. He needed a nice quiet place somewhere, anywhere, away from the constant smell in the air. It was becoming too much. He eventually set his red eyes on a grassy cliff that overlooked Unova, the metropolis of Castelia off in the far distance. Hopefully, no one would see his massive black body and try to capture him. He just wanted to lay in the soft grass, and bask in the sun…
If Zekrom had things rough, you know that the great, white dragon Reshiram had it even worse. All day she had tried to partake in activities that would help to cool off her over heated body; flying high till the air grew cold and frigid, that helped for a while, but soon she tired and was forced to touch back down, the ache of her heat immediately flowing back into her. She had tried diving deep below the ocean, hoping that the cool water would help her, but alas, she was not a water type, she was not able to indefinitely stay the ocean's gentle waves. Now she was simply flying, eyes closed, knowing that anything coming her way would either have to move or collide head on with the great legendary.
Off by the cliff Zekrom scanned the horizon with his hard red eyes, a soft murr radiating from his dragonic throat. Sure the cliff was quiet and there didn't seem to be any females around anywhere, the sweet scent seemed to follow him; he was sure it did, because he could still smell it, albeit faintly. Unbelievable. The scent was everywhere. Completely everywhere. On the trees, in the air carrying it every which way...hell, he wouldn't even be surprised if the smell soaked into his scales and even the clouds themselves. It was getting to him quickly, so quickly, he put his massive paw over his mouth and nostrils in an attempt to block out the smell, but it seemed to find its way through...
A hiss and a growl escaped Reshiram as she landed on a small hillside, her large, white bulk blocked out slightly by a few trees. She could still smell it, the scent of a virile male Pokémon, the musk seeming to permeate everywhere that she went. It was an unbearable smell, sour, spicy, but it made her body ache with the need to be touched, to be caressed and held...it was maddening! Grinding her large teeth together slightly, the legendary laid her head on the soft grass, trying to block out everything except the gentle spring winds...
There it was again! The scent of a female, the odor that told males "come and get me!". It was too hard to ignore no matter how much he tried to block it out and shun the thoughts of mating to the back of her mind. He growled deeply to himself as he forced his brain to give the command to his legs, stand up! The wind blew across his dark face and the sweet scent attacked him ruthlessly. It made his teeth grit as he hissed loudly to the air, stomping a heavy foot on the ground out of rage. And there they were, the desires. The desire for a female, to hold her in his arms...hold her hips as she presented herself to him... he closed his eyes and growled deeply, shifting his direction back to the forest looming behind him.
The feel of it was so horrible, the need, the desire to allow a male to just take you, to just stop the burning in your loins and teach you of carnal pleasures. Whining was so beneath her, but at this moment, that was all that she wished to do; her head flicked up as the sharp smell of a male hit her nose. It was unbearable! Why couldn't she just find a place where she could relax and rest without having to think of her harsh heat; there weren't even any males that she could mate with! They were all far too small, there was only one that she could mate with...him...
All he felt was frustration. If the smell got too embedded into his system, he would be in the same boat as the females; his nostrils were invaded and he forced himself to push back the thoughts of...her, the dragoness...he wasn't sure if it would come to that in the end if he needed a relief; on whiff and he was done for. Shaking his head, Zekrom headed back into the forest but he immediately wondered if that was a good choice because the scent was getting stronger and his nose was uncovered. He growled deeply and folded his wings against his back, breathing through his mouth to prevent more from getting in. He was certain there were no females around, so why was the smell getting stronger?
The sound of trees being pushed aside, the feel of his footsteps echoing through the ground, his sharp smell, it was him! She growled and slowly turned her body, her tail sweeping away a young tree in the process. He had the nerve to show up with her in this condition, the nerve to think that he could fight and beat her when she was sick. It made her body burn in outrage, her teeth grinding together and her long claws digging small furrows into the soft dirt under her paw.
If she was surprised, or angry, imagine the dark dragon's when he saw her laying there on the ground, in the same grass he stood on, on the same cliff, on the same side of the region. She was producing the smell? He thought it was awfully familiar! Zekrom hunched slightly as he growled at the very sight of her white body laying there. She had more to growl about since she was the one with the strong desire she didn't want to listen to, but he on the other hand, in a situation like this when male and female meet, he would be the one to make the move. But instead he stood there, growling fiercely at her.
"What a pleasant surprise...Reshiram..." he growled her name sharply, his eyes narrowed into a glare.
Now that really boiled her blood. To think that this ass was actually threatening HER, for being in HER condition! A deep hiss of outrage escaped her and her claws were close to slamming into the soft grass under her.
"Why don't you go away so I can enjoy my time alone..." Great, why'd he have to be so close...he just smelled so amazing...
He saw he angered her; it was obvious, but how could he help it when he hated the bitchy dragoness? He growled back, a hiss of his own radiating from his round black maw. "Why don't I leave? I believe I got here first, and you just happened to find me here..." He stayed firmly planted on the ground, unable to admit how wonderful she smelled. Arceus, damn her for smelling that wonderful...
Great, he thought that he had a right to stay here. She hissed once more and stood up on two legs, her hand clenched into a tight fist, one that she wanted to drive into his face, his stomach. But then again...maybe it wasn't the legendaries way to think or talk like this, maybe it was just her heat getting the best of her.
She grunted slightly and got to her feet. "I'm not leaving you stupid shit!"
Imagine Zekrom's surprise when he heard her saw that. His eyes went a little wide, looking at her like she had something growing on her face. Now he knew she was really mad at him. Mad for him being here? She was in heat after all and they hated each other but...she just smelled so good...it made his dragonic body heat up in so many ways. But he growled back at her, hissing quietly.
"Wow, what a dirty mouth you have Reshiram. I didn't know your heat was ailing you so much..."
The beautiful dragoness couldn't stop the hiss of anger, even she couldn't believe she had been that crude with her words, but Arceus damn it she was so angry! Why did the only male she could possibly mate with have to be him? Gnashing her large teeth together slightly, she let out another low hiss of anger.
"Just go away...NOW..."
Zekrom knew when to stop, but here, he didn't want to. Whether he wanted to admit it or not he really wanted to mate with the dragoness. Damn her for being so sexy. Despite this conflict he was having with himself, the part of him that wasn't getting overcome by the lusty scent of mating, he just hissed right back, panting right after the hiss.
"If my presence is really bothering you," he bore his massive, sharp fangs. "Then I'll leave you alone." he turned himself from her, but he really had no intention of leaving; her scent was just so alluring...
As unsurprised as this was, and as much as she felt the victory was bittersweet, she was happy. Her large claws dug slowly into the soft ground below her, her teeth gnashing together slightly as she tried to ignore the fiery pains that once again started to rack through her bod. Damn Arceus for creating the season, damn him for making a Charizard or Salamance to small to actually be able to pleasure her. A gentle sigh escaped the beautiful white dragoness as she looked up, letting out a soft grunt. Good, he really was gone.
Zekrom didn't have any intentions of leaving. He wasn't going to leave Reshiram all by herself, to boil in the scorching heat that he knew she was too stubborn to admit; but they both still hated each other, so it was perfectly understandable. He had to have her, he had to mate her. It was so undeniable. The big black dragon turned to look at her, then went back out to the cliff edge before making a circle, back to her location so he would come around behind her. He would expect a possible confrontation...
Too caught up in her own thoughts, she didn't even think about what the bigger black dragon was doing now, she didn't care, she had her own problems. It was a humiliating and shameful way to solve her heat, but her body was needy, and as her claw slowly slid down her sensitive belly scales, she shivered, imagining it to be a big, white dragon who looked just like her. Reshiram could see her folds, a bright red in color, much like those of a human female, but she had no clitoris and her slit was much less noticeable when she wasn't aroused.
The smell had already caught up with him by now; he didn't notice it until a leaf brushed against the tip of his dragonic cock. He looked down at himself, pushing the leaf from the tip sticking out of his slit-like sheath. He growled, watching it come further out with each inhalation of that intoxicating female scent. The tip was over two inches thick, roughly, and was pointed and lightly tapered at the end so he could glide into his mate with ease. Like Reshiram's womanhood it wasn't as noticeable until his muscles would push it out. Zekrom continued silently through the trees until he saw Reshiram laying on her back, her bright red slit within his sight. Reshiram was even sexier than he thought she would be down there...
Growls and groans were the only sounds coming from the excited dragoness, with that beast of a male gone, she could finally try to relieve herself of some of the heat, the pressure that was building up inside of her. Her claw softly went around the edge of her lips, teasing and testing herself for the sweetest points of her lips. Arceus had assured her that a male or female doing this with themselves was wrong, but what else was she supposed to do after he gave her this damn desire to mate?
From the trees he watched her, feeling sorry for her; she had to engage in this sinful act with herself. He panted deeply as his claws slid down to his slit, rubbing it like she was with herself and rousing more of his dragonhood out. He knew she would kill him for watching, but he didn't really care; if they didn't mate this would probably be the only chance he got to see her like this. He just couldn't resist stroking his cock, becoming just as sinful as she was.
Oh it was so wrong, at least that was what Arceus would tell her when he found her like this at a young age, the curiosity of it having gotten to her during her first ever heat. The shame she had felt at that moment...it was so horrible. She remembered how Zekrom had come to her, trying to comfort her after this, trying to tell her how much of a fool the old man was...and she had pushed him away, called him a traitor, it had broken up their relationship, whatever kind it was...
Reshiram...oh Reshiram, what happened? He couldn't understand how this could have happened between them. He'd only wanted to help, but the dragoness was young, and so confused; whether she'd know it or not it hurt him too. He didn't want her to feel the pain she had felt, with the thought that Arceus wouldn't forgive her for what she did so long ago. And even now as he stroked himself, watching her touch and stimulate her needy folds, he could feel those old emotions he threw away coming back to him...
Was she wrong to scorn him so? To push him away after all these years? She...her father could never be wrong, for yes Arceus was her father...but then again, who didn't claim the great creator as their father? Reshiram let out a soft whimper and stroked her needy folds a little harder and faster, needing the touch, the sensation of some kind of relief...
Letting himself go, he dug his claws into the tree next to him, tearing the bark to ribbons. He didn't hold it against her; he just couldn't keep a grudge against her. It was such a long time ago, wasn't it time to finally put this feud behind them and tie the loose ends together? At this point, hearing the dragoness whimper in need like that made it more obvious that needed to happen. Zekrom took a few slow, somewhat lumbering steps towards her, not caring if she saw him or not.
Scent hit her nose, harsh and male in origin. She slowly opened her eyes a slit and let out a gentle hiss as she looked at the black dragon there, that huge dragon prick of his sticking out, did he actually thinking that he had a chance with her? They were two completely different people.
"G-Go away..." She hissed out, looking away, her claw softly dancing over her folds, the need and desire only seeming to grow stronger.
Without any control of his body he dropped down on all fours, getting closer to the smell wafting up from her luscious red folds. He growled softly, crawling towards her.
"You need a mate Reshiram, stop pushing me away." He said this in a soft voice, trying not to sound threatening to the aroused dragoness. It was so blatantly obvious she needed some true attention from a male, and now he was willing to give it to her; he needed it too, he needed to mate, otherwise he was going to go absolutely mad.
Oh damn it, why did he have to be right, a hiss of pure outrage escaped the beautiful dragoness as she closed her eyes, not wanting to look him in the eyes, not wanting to have to see the victory that she was so sure was in his eyes.
"F-Fine..." She hissed out in defeat; if it meant some kind of relief from this damn heat then she would be willing to try it. "If you ever...t-tell Arceus..." There were no threats, no hints of an outcome, she would just destroy him.
A smile would have come over his snout had this been a different type of situation, but now, it didn't. The black dragon nodded. He was actually glad she was finally allowing him do this. Whether she wanted to admit it or not she knew they both needed each other to rid themselves of this heat, if only temporarily.
"I won't tell him. I promise..." Zekrom brought himself forward and took a gentle sniff of her sweet folds, her scent washing over his brain and making him murr softly until he carefully took a soft lick with his long, forked tongue.
Oh, now that was a new kind of feeling; a soft murr escaped her maw, no matter how much she hated to admit it, that warm tongue of his...it felt so amazing. Eyes closed tight to avoid his look, she let out a gentle mumbled of pleasure.
"O-Oh...ugh..." The beautiful dragoness hissed out; should she be filled with shame? Mating was supposed to be something beautiful and natural...
Zekrom only had a few unsuccessful encounters with females, but like with Reshiram's ordeal they were simply too small for him to do anything than lick them out. Reshiram on the other hand...her folds were much larger than those of the other females, the scent more intense, able to make his mind scramble with ultimate lust. He murred and growled very softly while moving his tongue around, teasing her rim for a few seconds before his prong tongue pressed into her tight body. He hoped she wouldn't get angered by this...
Quite the opposite happened in fact, the white scaled dragoness could only moan louder than ever before, pressing her groin softly against the great black dragon's maw, loving the sensation of a tongue testing her, tasting her for the first time in her life.
"O-Oh...oh..." She whispered out, only getting more and more pleasured after each second.
Hearing her reaction, it brought excitement to the Deep Black dragon and needless to say greatly encouraged him to go further with the sexy female, much, much further. Zekrom gently touched her right leg with his wing-like paw, stroking up her thigh to her sensitive belly while his tongue slid inside her like a snake in the grass, voicing his own pleasure by moaning into her scales.
Reshiram closed her eyes tight, her jaws closed and grinding together slightly as she thought about what she was doing, letting her hated enemy pleasure her so well, heck already leading her to a climax, one caused by someone other than herself for once...
Zekrom looked at her the whole time, wondering if she would ever look back at him. She must be going through a lot, that was for sure, not having gotten the assurance that they didn't have to be mortal enemies. If he couldn't tell her, hopefully his actions would make it very clear. He made sure his teeth didn't scrape her tender scales while he slid his tongue into the deepest parts of her body that had never been touched by her claws before, stimulating the nearly traversed areas.
That was all she could take, the touch, the pleasure, the hot tongue was far too much for her; she had been in countless battles in her life, but this one felt like the hardest one ever. With a loud roar echoing through the air, her wings flared and her claws dug into the ground, her climax racing through her as a splash of her juices coated his back face.
There was so much of the hot dragoness juice that coated his face he had to close his eyes to keep it out. His own body shook with the massive amounts of lust flooding his system, becoming too much for him to handle anymore. Zekrom was a durable Legendary, but this was just getting too much. The wonderful smell, the sexy dragoness...Arceus, please forgive him for this. He moaned out a muffled "Reshiram" as he slowly slid his tongue out of her now-sensitive slit.
Reshiram hissed out and gripped the side of his muzzle roughly with her clawed hand, roughly snarling out, "Don't talk..." Closing her eyes and shivering, she slowly rolled over onto all fours, her tail softly lifting up to show him all that she had to offer him. "N-Now..." She whispered softly "Stop making me wait...just let me take it..."
He clenched his eyes shut and growled to himself, gripping the grass as he looked at her in the mating position, presenting herself to him, finally allowing him to give her the attention she needed and he knew she wanted. He stood up and got closer to her, grabbing her scaly hips before he could even stand up all the way, positioning himself behind the dragoness and pulling her against him, his sharp-tipped cock pressing on her hot opening; it glided in easily, and soon the rest of his thick, ridge and bump-covered cock would follow with it. Arceus, her body was radiating a lot of heat...
The one thing that she was the most thankful for at that moment, was that she had no hymen, it just didn't form in dragons and other reptiles. Still though, the slight pain of being stretched open was there, and she could only respond by letting out a light, slow hiss of discomfort as he pushed himself deeper and deeper into her. Reshiram had never seen the black dragon's genitals, and that was why she was so surprised when the smoothness of the head gave way to small ridges, scraping over her folds and teasing her worse than her claw or tongue could ever do.
Zekrom could not even begin to describe how this felt; a mixture of heat like that of a hot spring, incredible tightness, and mind-blowing pleasure joining it. He hissed, but his was a hiss of pleasure, all making his paws tighten around her hips, pulling her against him as he spread her open with each slow, gentle push. His ridges were meant to rub on her folds and tease her, until they reached her insides and rubbed her body in such a way that would drive her mad. She would soon find that out though, until then Zekrom moaned and started thrusting into the dragoness.
Oh how could she have gone this long without knowing that pleasure like this existed in the world? How could she have gone on hating him if she knew how good this would have felt. Her tail instinctively rose up higher and higher as he fucked her so hard, so well; the ridges were absolutely amazing, but she got another shock when they soon gave way to small bumps, each one teasing separate places on her pussy "Oh!"
The big black dragon clenched his eyes, his and moaning at the pleasure he felt with the only Pokémon that he could mate with in the whole world. Unable to help himself, he pushed her tail to the side and leaned over her back, his ridges scraped her insides but didn't cause her any pain, just the opposite. The same could be said for the bumps at the last third of his thick dragonhood. He pulled her closer, growling and breathing deeply as he pounded into her with a lot of his strength and weight behind his thrusts. "O-Ohhhhh...Oh, R-Reshir-ram..."
Claws digging deeper and deeper into the soil beneath her, scaly toes curling, her roars getting louder and louder, she knew what was going to happen, soon she would climax once more.
"Yes!" If it was so wrong, then why did this feel so amazing? Why did she never want the pleasure to end? "H-Harder..." She hissed once more, the bumps on her current mate's prick feeling even better then the ridges, if that was even possible.
With one thick scaly arm around her waist, he moved his other to grab at her shoulder, trying to get the best way to hold her as he tried to get as deep as he possibly could. His heart beat rapidly against his chest, wings flexing and flapping rapidly, he could only comply with her lust-filled request and drill his dragonhood harder, adding a bit more speed that hit her with all his body weight. He wasn't sure if Arceus was frowning down on them, but how could this be wrong? They were mating, like they were meant to.
"So h-hot...so tighhhhhtttt..." he hissed back, his tongue licking the back of her neck.
"Yes...yes..." Reshiram hissed out, her tight, hot walls only getting tighter and tighter by the second as she started to approach a second climax. "D-damn it...harder..." She demanded, needing only one small bit of stimulation to push her over the edge, just that one little thing like she had felt before "D-damn...you...harder...
The cursing, the tightening of her velvety walls...all signs that she was getting closer. He couldn't believe he was making her come close to another orgasm, but he didn't leave much room for thought as he brought all his strength together and applied it all to his hips and legs.
"Damn it...Reshiram...so good..." Zekrom hissed and snarled, pounding her with thrusts so hard they pushed his ridged dragon cock all the way inside her, their bodies connected for a split, unnoticeable second before pulling back out to repeat the process, all the while he was getting close to his own finish, thick dragon pre left behind in its wake. "So...c-close..."
As they finally hilted together, that was when she was pushed right over the edge. Head thrown back, her body standing posed like some kind of spirit , she roared out her delight and ecstasy, pushing back against him as hard as she could, wanting to help him get off, even if he wasn't her mate. "Fuck...harder..." She groaned/grunted out.
He nearly collapsed on top of her when he felt that thick load of female cum flowing over his cock, splattering into a pool under their feet. He hissed, baring his teeth.
"Fuck Reshiram!" he snarled before he sunk his teeth into the back of her neck; her scales were tough, so even though she would feel it, it wouldn't give her any major pain. Anchoring himself with the bite on her neck he flapped his wings to help propel his thrusts forward, his hips hitting her with a loud wet smacking sound. It was only a matter of time, and minutes later he moaned and growled louder in pure pleasure, hilting and holding himself inside her as he ejected his thick cum into her body, the squirting so loud they were able to hear it from within.
Reshiram slowly relaxed under him, the teeth around her neck instinctively causing her to stop her struggling, her fighting as her body was filled up with hot, potent dragon cum.
"O-Oh..." she whispered out softly, unable to fully believe what had just happened, unable to believe that her heat was just finally satisfied. "Wow..." was the only thing the fucked-silly dragoness was able to say.
Zekrom shook on top of her as he continued to fill her up full of possibly a gallon of cum, all flowing in and making its home in her womb. The fact that he'd just mated with Reshiram was a lot to process, it was still hard to believe this was all real, and not just some dream he was having of her.
"R-Reshiram...oh Reshiram..." the big black male dragon purred to her softly, keeping himself inside and holding onto her, not wanting to pull out of her hot body.
The heat of the seed filling her belly was amazing, and she didn't complain when he decided to just remain within her, preventing any of his precious fluids from escaping. She slowly laid her head down on the ground, murring happily and stretching her tail and arms slightly, a soft whispered command escaping her. "Don't tell...Arceus..."
Balancing his weight so all of it wasn't kept on her back, he moaned once more and licked his snout slowly, then did the same to the part of her neck he just bit. He panted softly, not having to think about her soft command.
"I won't...this will be...our little secret..." he assured her, not able to stop himself from kissing the back of her white neck and nuzzling her a second later.
"Good..." She whispered softly, closing her eyes and letting out a slow, long yawn of exhaustion, man she didn't think she could ever be this tired, Reshiram guessed a hard fucking really wore you out..."I'm taking a nap..." she mumbled under him, wiggling to get comfortable "Wake me up...and I'll..." She yawned, taking away from her 'threat' "Rip...tail off..." And with that, she was out, fast asleep beneath him.
He chuckled softly in a gruff voice, shaking his head slightly. "Okay princess..." he teased as she slept so peacefully like a baby dragon.
Once his dragonhood went limp he pulled himself out and let go of her body, climbing off as much as he didn't want to. Laying on his belly next to her, he admired the dragoness.
"Reshiram...my mate..." he said softly to no one in particular. Were they mates now? The possibility was high and even though one might not be as accepting as the other, only time could tell...
Okay, we both hope you enjoyed it! Thanks for reading, and see you all later!
Zack(Aggron) X Sera(Zoroark)

Zoroark(F)(shiny) X aggron(M)
aggron is very serious and never smiles so his long time friend decides to make him smile.

* * *

A Aggron arrived home from a long day at work. He sits on his chair and groaned about his day. First, his car had trouble starting up, work was long, he had to work unpaid overtime, and he was stuck in traffic for a couple hours. Now he's home and he just want to relax for the rest of the day.
He was sitting for three minutes before the doorbell rings. "Ugh! I only sat for a few minutes and someone starts knocking on the door." He reaches the door and open it. "Can't a guy get some rest?! I had a lo-" He stopped mid sentence from the sight of a Zoroark in front of him. "Whoa there Zack, it me." It said with a female voice. "Oh Sera, it's you." The Aggron, Zack said calming down.
Sera's a old friend of his since high school. She was always picked on by pokemon because of her blueish purplish fur spots where the red should be, the reason of that is because she's a shiny. One time a Blaziken attacks her and she was struggling to fight back cause of type disadvantage of hers. Zack stepped in and stopped him before the Blaziken could cause any serious pain to her, the two hanged out ever since.
"It sounds like you had a long day if you're talking like that." She guessed as she stepped in. "Yeah it was. I'm sorry for yelling." He lead her to the living room and let her sit on his couch. "Would you like a drink?" he offered. "Oh yes some water thank you." He nods and went into the kitchen. He came back moments later with two glasses of water with ice in each of them and handed one to her. "Thank you." She smiled. "Can you tell me about your day?" She ask her. He sighs but he decided to tell her about his day.
Sera pats his back as he finished. "I sorry all that happened." "It's not your fault. Shit happens." Zack gets out. Sera stares at him. "It's been quite some time since the last time you smiled." Sera mentioned sadly. Zack looks at her. "It's been a hard few months and days like this don't help out at all." He complains. The shiny pokemon saddens seeing him like this, but sports a smile as a idea came to his head. "I have a idea of how to relieve your stress." Zack turns to her. "And what would that be?" He ask curiously. "Well we could have a little fun to brighten up your day." She scooch over to clear some distances. "What's that suppose to me-oooh!" Zack said as he understands what she meant. "Yep! a little sexual fun to relax you from your rough day." Zack was indecisive about her offer. He appreciate it, but kinda doesn't want to use it as a excuse. "I don't know Sera, I appreciate your offer, but it-ah!" He couldn't finish as said Zoroark was rubbing his shaft to get it up. "Come on now! Let me be a friend and help you out." She said huskily.
Zach blushes as she was already at it, he let out a sigh. "All right, we'll do it." "Good." She said as she rubs it until it was at full erection. She licks her lips as she opens her mouth and engulfs her member. Zack groans as her warm mouth surrounds his cock. She bobs her head up and down on his thick cock, getting it well lubed up. She lick around it for some time and then lifts off it, leaving it coated in saliva. "You have a good taste, but it's time for more." She turns around and gets on her hands and knees, showing her ass and pussy in front of him.
He blush as she sways it back and forth. "Come on now, give me a good pounding." Zack smirked and mount her, his cock close to her pussy. "You ask for it." He said as he plunged into her pussy. Sera cries out as he bellows deep within her. Zack groans at the tightness of her pussy as he drew back and plunge back in. Sera looks downward to see a slight bulge moving back and forward in her body, showing the position of his cock in her body. She rubbed the bulge as he continued thrusting.
Zack grunts as he pounds into her pussy. His body on top of hers as he does. "Ohhh. You're so big." Sera said lustfully as he quickens his pace. "I know. And your pussy's gripping it tightly around my cock. You must have wanted this. Did you intended this from the beginning?" He ask his friend. Sera moans as she answers, "Not at first, but when I heard about what happened on your day. I decided to go for it to make you feel better." He grunted as he said. "I appreciate your thought." He said as he groaned out as reached his orgasm. Sera moans out as well as his cum starts to fill into her. Her stomach starts to swell out as his quantity fills her as her own climax washed over her. They pant as he slips out of her, their mixed cums starting to spill onto the floor.
Sera's entrance sealed so the remaining would stay inside her, Sera stood up and examined herself, seeing her stomach still bulging a bit, implying that some of his seed's still in her. "Feel better?" Sera ask him. "Much." Zack said with a smile. Sera smiles as well. "Ah! I was able to get you to smile." She looks at the mess they made to the floor. "We need to clean up." He explained to her. She nods and help alongside Max as they clean up the cum stains on the carpet. After they finished, Sera got up. "It's about time for me to go." Zack nods and led Sera to the door. "Take care of yourself." He said. Sera steps out, "You too." She then went and kiss him on the cheek. "If you ever feel down again, just call me." She tell him with a wink before she leaves. Zack smiles, 'I'll be sure to do that.' He thought as he walked on with a blush on his face.


Aqua(Vaporeon) X Angel(Lumineon)

Aqua(F Vaporeon) and Angel(F Lumineon)
Today is mating season for the Lumineon and she's trying to get away from her pursuers. A vaporeon gets note of this and helps her out. Afterwards she decides to stay with her until it passes, but she also has another idea.

* * *

Aqua, the vaporeon, was enjoying the morning swim as she feels the current through her skin. "Ah, this is the life." she sighed with a smile. She kept swimming until something swam past her. "Hmm?" she ask herself as she tried to identify. Aqua looks to see a lumineon that was swimming rather fast for some reason. "What's the hurry?" Aqua muttered to herself. Aqua decided to try to follow the pokemon to see if there's something wrong.
She swam for quite some time trying to stay with it, but make sure it doesn't see her. She saw the pokemon swim into a cave, which Aqua then enters it as well, still making sure not to get spotted. The cave was quite roomy and there were holes and cracks in the walls around it, some big enough for her to slip through if needed to. Aqua sees her fidgeting about something, so she inched a bit to see what's going on. Luckily she hid behind a small portion of the cave. "What do I do? What do I do?" she ask herself, the tone sounding female. 'She seems nervous.' Aqua thought as she tried to listen more on her words. "If they find me, I'll be in deep trouble." She said.
Aqua decided it was time to reveal herself. "Is something wrong?" She ask as she stepped out of her hiding place. "Ah!" gasped the Lumineon as she backs away, scanning the room for possible escape routes. "Don't worry, I not gonna hurt you. I saw you swimming fast and went to check up to see if anything's okay." She said trying to calm her down."Of course it's fine, why wouldn't I be?" asked the Lumineon with a nervous tone. "Because you're shivering like it's cold." She explained to her.
The Lumineon sighs and decides to explain what's going on. "It's mating season, and I don't want to get jumped." "Oh I see. I understand." Aqua said to comfort her. The lumineon's face suddenly turned to one with worry. "I need to hide!" She said all of a sudden. Aqua wondered why untill she started to some some water being rippled and realize they won't be alone. "I'll cover for you, just find a place to hide." She nodded and managed to dive into a nearby crack. She turn to see a group of three water types entering the water cave, a Floatzel, Golduck, and a Crawdaunt.
"Hey guys, what's up?" She ask them calmly. "You see a Lumineon around here?" asked the Floatzel. "Sorry, haven't seen one since yesturday." She lied to them, trying to stay calm. "Why?" "It's mating season, and we were gonna show her the ride of her life." grinned the Golduck. "Oh, I see. Well, sorry I haven't seen one since yesterday." She said, sounding convincing to them. "Come on guys, she probably went the other way." spoke the Floatzel as they turn and swam away.
Aqua let out a sigh of relief as they left, the Lumineon appeared after they have gone a few distances."Thanks." She nodded to Aqua. Aqua smiled, "No worries, I had to deal with stuff like this myself." She explained herself. "By the way, my name is Aqua. What's your name?" She ask her. "Angel." The Lumineon answered her. "Nice to meet you Angel. What you're going to do now?" She ask her.
"Hide out til this blows over." She shrugged as she answers. Aqua nods. "Okay then, take care until then." She then prepares to leave. "Wait!" cried Angel out. Aqua stopped and turn to the Lumineon, "Huh? Is there something wrong?" "It's just, I don't want to be left alone." Angel admits. Aqua hears this and nod. "Oh okay, I'll stay with you for the cycle.""Yay!" Angel went and nuzzle Aqua's face in joy at her answer. Aqua actually blushed at the feeling. "Thank you so much."She nuzzle her even more.
"So what you want to do?" Aqua ask her. "Not sure." Angel answers. "Well it is mating season for you, and girls can't get pregnant from another so..." Aqua gets out as she blush and fidgets. "Are you saying we should...?" asked Angel with her own blush. "If you don't mind? You're very pretty." She complimented her. "We don't have to if it's weird." "No no, I don't mind." she smiled. Aqua smiles as she went to nuzzle Angel now. Angel returned it as Aqua turned her face towards her with her paws. Angel looks confused until Aqua plants her lips with her stiffened up as this was the first time she had ever kissed a girl.
Aqua sense she's nervous so she kisses her gently, slipping her tongue in her mouth. Angel was hesitant before pushing her tongue against Aqua's. Aqua smiles and feel Angel's fins wrapping around her body. She's soft.' Aqua thought that as she brought one of her paws to trail on Angel's female folds. Angel moaned as Aqua rubbed her paws against the lips. Aqua smiled as she grinds her paw back and forth alongside it. The Lumeon squirmed against her as her own face was flushed.
Aqua nudges Angel's nose as slip one of her fingers into her vagina. "So how does it feel Angel?" She ask sweetly. "W-Weird." moaned Angel. Aqua smiles, then she starting to lick Angel's skin. "It also sounds like you like the touch." She explain."A-Ah!" Angel shudders from the feeling. Wanting in, she brought one of her fins into Aqua's folds like she did. Aqua gasped as Angel started to rub against her own pussy. Angel's face flush from the pleasure she was feeling. "How does this feel?" she asked. "It feels so nice." Angel admits as she moans out. "Good, it feels nice to me too." Aqua admits as she moans from the pleasure she's getting from the Lumineon's fins.
Aqua stopped a bit then said," Do you mind if I have a taste?" She ask lustfully. "Go ahead." Angel said with a red blush on her face. Aqua moved into a position where they're pussies are at each others faces and the Vaporeon begins gently licking at it. Angel gasped before she hesitantly started to lick back. Aqua murrs as she feel her tongue along her folds.
Both continued to lick each others pussies with eagerness. Aqua then decided to lick the insides of Angel's pussy, enjoying her taste. Angel gasped at her sudden move. Aqua slurped her insides with her skilled tongue as she collects her juices. Angel tried to lick as fast as she could, but she was a newbie when it came to this. "Just relax. Give long deep laps to give your partners pleasure." Aqua encourage her, taking her mouth off Angel's pussy. Angel nodded before trying it herself. Angel lets her tongue out and drags it alongside Aqua's vagina. Aqua shudders as the pleasure was more intense. She smiled and went to licking Angel's insides again. "So how does it taste?" Aqua ask her. "Sweet." Angel responded, "What about me?" She ask her now. "Very sweet." Aqua responded. Angel blushed, "Thank you." She said as her tongue action brought her close to climax.
Angel tried to move hers faster to get Aqua to cum. Aqua kept licking around her insides to get her to climax. Soon both of their limits came. Their juices splatter onto each of their faces, causing them to swallow it down. Both panted from their orgasms, "You were amazing." Aqua panted out as she tries to recover. "Thanks." smiled Angel. They nuzzle their heads as they relaxed in the afterglow. "This was better than I thought." replied Angel. "Yeah, me too." Aqua agreed as well.
Angel's expression changes soon after their round. "Guess you'll have to leave, uh?" she asked with a frown. "What do you mean?" Aqua ask her. "Well after my mating season has passed, you'll leave, right?" asked Angel with a sad tone. "You want me to stay longer? For how long then?" Aqua ask her. "I don't know." she replied looking away shyly. "Just tell me." Aqua nudges her a bit to get her to answer. "Well, I just think you're cute." She admitted. "Um, thank you." Aqua said with a bright red blush on her blue face. "You were very brave and kind when dealing with those water types too." "No prob." smiled Aqua, appreciating her kind words. "So maybe...we could stay together...Forever." She gets out.
Aqua was surprised to hear that. "So, what do you say?" She ask with hope in her eyes. "Maybe." Aqua gives her that answer. Angel was cute, so she decided to give it a shot before then to see if it's there anything between them. Angel's face beams at the answer. "Oh thank you." She nuzzles Aqua's cheek. Aqua smiled and rubbed her head with one of her paws. Angel does the same with her fins. They started to feel tired so they decided to take a rest.


(M)Keldeo X (M)Terrakion

Keldeo(M)X Terrakion(M)
Keldeo has had a crush on his teacher Terrakion for the longest time, and has always questioned him due to the fact of how Terrakion thinks almost nothing about romance. Terrakion catches Keldeo thinking these things out loud, and decides to give Keldeo 'special training'.

* * *

Keldeo is grunting as he struggles to push the boulder in front of him. "Come on! Put some back into it Keldeo." A voice call out. He turns to see Terrakion pushing the same size boulder, but much faster than you. He passes Keldeo as he kept on pushing the boulder harder.
(After training)
Keldeo lies on the ground as he tries to catch his breath. Terrakion went next to him, "Hey, are you okay?" He ask. Keldeo looks at him. "I'm alright. I'm fine." He gets up in a attempt to show him. Terrakion nods. "That's good to hear, but don't push yourself. I don't want to see you pass out from overexertion." Keldeo smiles. "Don't worry, I won't." "Well, Virizion will be training you tomorrow. So rest up." Terrakion tells him. Keldeo looks away. "Ok then." Afterwards, Terrakion lead them off the mountain path.
As they walk, Keldeo kept his eyes on Terrakion. Out of the three, Terrakion is the one he respected the most. He was strong, brave, loyal. In short, Keldeo has developed a crush for him for a long time, but he doesn't know if he should ask him about. Terrakion doesn't seem the type to be interested in romance. "Maybe I'm just too shy, but I want to tell Terrakion that I like him." He lets out a sigh
"You like me?" Terrakion's words snapped Keldeo out of his thoughts as he looks to see him staring at him. "Huh?" He ask him. "You said that you like me?" He repeated his question. Keldeo's face lit up as he knows his secret. "What, but how did-" "You whispered the words a little loud for me to hear." Terrakion told him. He stopped and stared at the young legendary, "Is it true?" Terrakion ask him staring into his eyes. Keldeo sighs as he decides he might as well tell him now that he knows. "Yes, it's true. I had a crush on you for a long time."
Terrakion blush at the confession, "Out of the three, I admired you the most. You're strong, brave, loyal to your friends. You're amazing. The reason I didn't tell you is because I didn't know if you'll be interested in a subject of romance." Terrakion stares at him for a moment, then he sighs and shakes his head. "Keldeo, it's not right to keep secrets to your teachers. He looks down at the answer. "Look up." Terrakion said. Keldeo does so, but was unable to react as the legendary planted his lips to his own in a kiss. This kept up for a moment before Terrakion separated with a smile. "Because you don't know what will happen if you don't." Keldeo face turns red at the situation. "You mean?" "Consider this 'special training' for you." Terrakion said Lustfully.
Keldeo looks down to see he's sporting a erection under him. Keldeo blush at the size of it. "Well it's not gonna lube itself you know?" Terrakion teases as he approaches and stop. The young legendary went under him and took a whiff of his shaft. Which has a strong musky smell to it. It bumps his nose as Terrakion told him what he wants. Understanding, Keldeo took his tongue out and slide it along Terrakion's cock. Terrakon hissed as Keldeo tried to lick as much as his small tongue could reach. "Good now open up." He told him. Keldeo opened his mouth as his teacher began to slide his massive girth into him. It was a little trouble, but he slowly tries to get Terrakion's length into his mouth. Sadly all he could get was the whole tip in before stopping.
Keldeo licks around the tip as he sucks whatever he can take. Terrakion moaned as he couldn't help but lightly thrust into Keldeo's mouth. Keldeo yelps a bit from the sudden thrust he made. Terrakion was amazed at how tight and warm his student's mouth felt. Keldeo wants to get more, so he widens his mouth to take more of his shaft inside. Terrakion didn't hold back and panted as he started to put a little more weight into his thrusts. Keldeo moans on his cock as he slurps up the salty taste.
As he was licking all over, Terrakion then backed away, getting his cock out of his mouth. "Alright, turn." ordered Terrakion. Keldeo nods and turns around and raises his tail to him. Terrakion licked his lips at seeing his student's ass. Terrakion looks to see his student's shaft is hard as well. Terrakion smiles as he places his face near Keldeo's rear. "Your dick is so cute." he whispered before taking a lick of Keldeo's cock. He gasp as he feels Terrakion's tongue along his shaft. Terrakion easily engulfed the dick and swirled his tongue around the tip. "Oooohhh." Keldeo moans out as the legendary encircles his length. His teacher was much more skilled than him and could already feel his climax coming. He couldn't hold it and he groans feeling Terrakion's mouth with his seed. Terrakion gladly swallowed the seed as he pulled away.
"I'm sorry for letting it out so soon." keldeo apologize as he blushes and looks away from him. "Don't worry. Besides, the fun's not done." grinned his teacher holding up his cock. Keldeo shivers. "I can see that." He shivers from the pulsing meat. "Relax." Terrakion aimed his cock for Keldeo's ass and began to move forward. "A-ah!" He cried out as his pole pushes at his butthole. Terrakion moaned at how tight his student's ass felt. Keldeo struggles to stay upright from the pleasure and his teacher's weight on top of him . "So tight!" groaned Terrakion pushing more of his shaft into him. "Ah! Please be easy." Whine Keldeo as he winces from Terrakion's thickness. "I can't help it. Your so warm." moaned Terrakion as he had half his length in Keldeo's ass. "T-thank you." Keldeo blushed as he moans from the pleasure.
After stopping, he pulled back and slammed back into Keldeo. Keldeo's body shakes from his teacher's thrust as he licks his cheek. "I'm going to make sure you remember the shape of my cock." groaned Terrazion as he didn't slow down his thrusts. Keldeo's own cock flops from the force of Terrakion's thrust as he moans loudly from the sex. "Don't stop. Give it to me." He gets out. "Gladly." grinned Terrakion before he began to use more weight behind his thrusts. Keldeo responds by pushing his back to Terrakion's thrust. Getting a louder moan from him "I think I'm gonna cum." groaned Terrakion. "Go on and cum." Keldeo moans out. Terrakion groaned as his dick twitched before shooting his seed inside his student. Keldeo's stomach begins to bulge from the amount of sperm filling his insides. Terrakion kept inside him as his dick continued to twitch. "You were feeling quite tensed up weren't you?" Keldeo ask him. "Yup." Terrakion gently lay Keldeo down on the ground.
As he pulled out, they both heard a pair of gasps and looked up. They blush as they see Cobalion, and Virizion watching them on the ground. "Um, oops?" Grinned Terrakion. "How long you been there?" Keldeo ask them two, feeling blood rush to his head. "The last five minutes." spoke Virizion. "So you seen..." "All of it." clarified Cobalion. "And your response?" He ask. "We're shocked, but not disgusted." replied Virizion. Keldeo and Terrakion looks at them with shock in their eyes. "Really?" They both ask. "Yeah, but we want in." grinned Cobalion as his rock hard member could be seen as Virizion's pussy was dripping wet. The two of us smiled and blush at the scene, Terrakion looks at Keldeo. "Looks like our fun is just beginning." Keldeo blushes, "Looks like there's gonna be new training maneuvers in the future."
To be continued.


Steven(Lucario) X Paige(Gardevoir) PT 1

Steven(M Lucario) X Paige(F Gardevoir)
Steven and Paige were best friends who are out camping in the forest. The two start to develop feelings for each other, but both are hesitant on telling the other. Paige visits him in one of his dreams to see if it's true.

* * *

The night sky shone with stars as two pokemon gazes up at the night sky. The 2 were discussing the constellations and scary stories, usually of Darkrai, Arceus, or coffagrigus (that coffin pokemon from gen. 5 for those of you who don't know), and the 2 were great friends, one, a male Lucario named Steven, the other, a female Gardevoir named Paige, the 2 had been friends since Steven was a Riolu and Paige was a Kirlia.
"It feels such a long time since we been kids huh Steven?" Paige ask as she turns and looks at him. Steven turned his head to look Paige in the eyes "Heh, yep, can't believe it's been 17 years since we first met, I still don't understand what it was about me that made me cooler than most of the other guys in our old school to you, I mean, after all, I was focused on reading rather than actually evolving and appealing to the girls, like most of the others at school thought." Steven said, a slightly troubled look appearing on his face.
Paige giggles at his words. "But that reason is why you're cooler than most of the other guys. You're smart, kind, you don't do the things you do to empress anybody. Not like all those jerks back at school, trying to be someone they're not just to impress someone. I like you Steven because you're you, and you always act like you."
Steven starts to slightly blush at her words "Oh c'mon, I know you used to have a huge crush on Kyle, and he was QUITE a jerk..." (Kyle's a charizard, was a charmeleon when Paige had a crush on him) "And besides, only reason I AM a Lucario anyway is because I had to save your ass when Billy (a machamp that they knew in their final year of school) tried to rape you Paige, I always will be there to help you Paige." Steven says, now with a soft smile on his face, looking at Paige directly in the eyes.
Paige sighs at the thought. "I was young back then, and young pokemon tend to do stupid things. I learn from those mistakes o I won't do them again. I appreciate you evolving for my sake. Thank you very much." Paige thanks him and she notice he gone a bit close to her.
Steven gave a slight nod in response, remembering t, event "Well, you'd be screwed and I'd be dead if I didn't learn Aura Sphere after all, that Weavile friend of his was too fast for me to track with my own eyes, thankfully I completely wrecked 'em because I had a quad type advantage over him." Steven says, Beginning to blush at the memory of Paige naked, when she was about to be 'taken' by Billy. (also the name is a reference to the name of one of my 2nd best pokemon in my pokemon Soulsilver nuzlocke run, only beat by my Victreebell who I promptly named Punji, after the korean pungi stake trap)
Paige shuddered at the thought. "It was one thing when dealing with that Machamp, but the Weavile made it a different story, I was in a type disadvantage after all." She turned to Steven to see that the Lucario was blushing. "Are you ok? You look a little red." She ask him. Steven realized he was thinking of it longer than he should have "Oh, uh, I'm fine, don't worry." Steven gave a small chuckle as he got that memory out of his shakes his head as she ask, "Steven it's okay, whatever it is you can tell me. What was it?" She nudge a bit over to him. Steven gave a slight sigh and looked away "It's nothing, don't worry about it." Steven lied, trying to hide the fact he lied as best as he could.
Paige know he's hiding something, but decided to let him keep it to himself. "Okay then Steven. Sorry for trying to get you to tell." Steven nodded and responded quietly, "I'll tell you tomorrow morning though, I promise, but for now, let's just go sleep, it's getting late Paige."Paige smiled and nods. "All right then. Sweet dreams Steven." She told him as she enters a camping tent. Steven smiles slightly as he walks to his tent "You too Paige." he said, entering his tent and falling asleep, starting to dream of Paige as he sleeps.
Steven was in a fields with page in front of him and with her holding his hand. Steven looks Paige in the eyes, a smile on his face looking into those eyes of hers. "Is there a reason as to why you called me here?" Paige ask him.
"Paige, there's uhh, something I've been wanting to tell you..." Steven said, not knowing if it's all a dream or Paige snuck into his mind and got into his dream. "Oh and what will that be?" She said. Paige have been wondering what his blush from earlier was about, so he decided to take a little peek into the lucario's dream to find the answer to that question. "I-uhhh... I... I love you Paige..." Steven said that last part barely audibly, a strong blush going onto his cheeks. The words barely hit her ears. "W-what did you say?" She ask a blush appearing from her face. Steven took a deep calm breath and repeated himself, now easily audible "I... Love you, Paige..."
Her face lit up brighter after hearing those words from him. Paige's eyes watered from her feelings fluttering within her. "Oh Steven. I love you too." She said. "Wait, Really?" Steven asked, surprised Paige actually felt the same for him. She wrap her arms around him in a hug. "Yes, really. I love you Steven." Steven's eyes were wide open "This has to be just a dream, I'm never this lucky to have things go right for me THIS much..." Paige looks away at him in embarrassment. "Funny now that you mentioned it." Steven looked at her, confused "what?" he asked, wondering what she meant by it. "You're half correct about this whole thing being a dream. This field we're in is a dream. Me on the other hand, well..." She paused as she pushes her fingers together shyly.
Steven looked at her with slight annoyance "So you sneaked into my mind while I was sleeping to find out something I was going to tell you tomorrow morning?" Steven said, getting slightly angry. Paige looks downward. "I can see why you're getting angry and you have all the right to be right now. I couldn't wait, I just had to find out if it was true. Ever since you save me from those rapist, I was touch by how much you cared for me, how you went to save me for them," She looked into his eyes. "And the way you looked and talked about what happened. You were blushing. I started to wonder if you felt the same way. I didn't want to peek, but I couldn't help myself. Please forgive me." She finishes, almost on the verge of tears.
Steven looked into her eyes, no longer looking angry, but compassionate. "Paige, I love you, that will never change, you are kind, smart, and beautiful, I would never stay angry at you, love." After finishing his sentence he moved his head forward, locking his lips with Paige's. Paige felt him plant his lips onto his. She kisses him back feeling his tongue entering her mouth as he wraps his arms around her slim body. Steven moves his Paws into Paige's dress and rubs her back along the spine, making sure to not tear her dress with his iron spikes on the back of his paws Paige moans from Steven's soft touch they hug and kiss each other, Paige rubs and massages his back in appreciation.
Steven takes a slight dare and lowers his paws down to her waist, keeping them right above her rear and pulling her closer to him. She was surprise as she separated from him as she feels his hands on her waist. "Are you trying to get to my butt? You perv." She said teasingly. Steven lifted his hands off of Paige for a second responding simply "I don't see you trying to stop me, so who's the true perv? I was just pulling you closer to me, buuuuut if you insist..." Steven smirked and kissed her strongly and brought his hands down and gave her rear a slight grab. Steven's actions causes her to stumble a bit as she fell on her back and bringing the Lucario down with her.
Steven held himself up over her, lowering his head down to bring them into another kiss, bringing one hand lower to her chest and squeezing the horn that resides between her breast, knowing from when he saved her from Billy that it's really sensitive. Paige's body shudders as he rubs her horn, she brings his body closes to her own wanting to be close to him as possible as she suckles his mouth. Steven then moves his paw off of her horn and moves it down further, running his paw up and down her soft thigh. Paige smiles and murrs as Steven's paws move along her body and stopping to rub her thighs. She lays there, moving to kiss his neck loudly in smiles at the response he gets and moves his paw right by her crotch but not touching it quite, wanting to tease Paige first
Paige body shudders from the teasing, wishing he can get along with it and stop throwing fuel to the flame. Steven gets a devilish grin as he knows how badly she's wanting his paw, he whispers into her ear "Beg for it..." Paige's eyes are drawn to his face. "Huh?" She ask her. Steven keeps his grin "I know you wants me to put my paw in you, your body shivering just from it being near, if you want it in you you'll have to beg..." As Steven Finishes his sentence he moves his head close to her and licks up her neck, then giving her a small kiss on her lips. Paige closes her eyes, his words are right. "Take me...please?" She whispers.
Steven chuckles slightly, "Alright then." Steven moved the plain white panties that blocked him from getting to it to the side, then slowly presses the spike on his right paw into her wet canal, feeling himself become hard, but resisting the temptation to press his snout into her, and he continues slowly moving his paw spike around in her, careful not to hurt her. "Aah!" She gasp as she feels his spike starts entering her wet folds. She feel him slowly, ensuring no harm comes to her. Steven pulls his paw's spike out of her, covered in her juices, and gives it an experimental lick "You taste like Cinnamon, love" Steven said before he presses his snout against her awaiting love canal, sticking his tongue in, being a lot more rough now since he isn't using his spike.
Paige shudders from him explaining her taste. She moans even louder as Steven places his tongue in her now. He's going at it with more feverish since there's no chance of pain. The Gardevoir pants loudly from the pleasure. Steven slid his paws up her dress to reach her soft, fairly large breasts and runs his paws under her bra and over her breasts, firmly rubbing both of them, increasing the pleasure Paige feels.
She moaned as Steven fondles her breast. "This is nice." She get out through moans. "But when are you going to start thrusting into me Steven?" She ask him. Steven gave a slight smirk looking at her, lifting his head from between her legs "I'll get to the main even when we're awake, love, I want it to feel as real as possible, no fantasies mixed in, just standard, pure, love" Steven moved up and whispered it into her ear the last part. Paige shudder at the last part. She smiled at his face. "Makes sense to keep it pure." Paige nuzzles into his neck. Steven gave her a loving smile, looking into her eyes "I'll wait for you in my tent, love..." Steven said, taking his paws off her breasts and laying down next to her, putting a paw on Paige's cheek as he just stares into her eyes silently before finally speaking again "I love you Paige..." he said before the area went white.
Continue in part 2


Steven(Lucario) X Paige(Gardevoir) PT 2

Go back if you haven't seen part 1 yet. Enjoy part 2,

* * *

Steven started waking up from his dream, it's early morning, about 5:30 AM. At the same time, Paige waked up as well. She yawned as she felt well rested, despite their actions in their dreams. Remembering what he said. She got up and headed towards his tent. Steven got up and stretched, remembering his dream in the night before, as such as simply at a couple oran berries for a quick breakfast then sat down, ready for Paige to arrive, though a bit nervous nonetheless.
Paige arrived at his tent. "Steven, are you up?" She hears his voice telling her to come in. She does so and greeted him. "Good morning! I hope you're doing well." She hugged him. Steven hugged her back "'Morning Paige." He said, happy to see her considering the dream that happened during the previous night. "By the way again, I apologize for my sneaky trick last night." Steven sighed, remembering why it all happened, his brain was slightly clouded at first by what happened in the later parts of the dream. "Paige, you're one SNEAKY little devil, you know that?" he said, half joking half serious. Paige giggled at his words, to be honest he's right. "Well appearances can be deceiving." She teases.
Steven gave a light chuckle before looking Paige in the eyes, "Are you gonna do what we talked about in the dream or are you just here to mess around?" Paige gave him a teasing look. "Well what do you want?" Steven gave a slight laugh, then moved in to press his lips against Paige's, a bit forceful, but remaining passionate with it. She feels his tongue being shoved into his mouth, being dominant, but passionate. Her face quickly turning red from embarrassment. Steven moved his arms to where his right paw was on the back of her head, and his left paw right above her rear. Paige hums as she mimics what he was doing with her. Steven slowly slid his left hand down to her rear "Ready if you are Paige." he said. "Same for you."
Steven nodded and brought his hand to the bottom of her dress and lifted it over her head, bringing her down to her plain white bra and panties, giving her a kiss on her collarbone, slightly nibbling it sensually. Paige blushed slightly from being near naked. She also giggle from him kissing her collarbone. Steven then brought his paws behind her bra and unclasped it, and ran his hands softly over her revealed breasts, then brings his right paw off of her left breast and begins to rub the horn between her breasts, eliciting a moan from her. "Mmnngh." She let out a soft moan as he rubs her horn gently with his paws. He smiles as he rubs her cheek as well.
Steven moves his left hand to hook around her panties and pulls her panties down to her knees, but he can't bring them down further without getting down. "I'll take care of it." She bends down and takes her panties all the way off. Steven then resumes kissing her for a couple seconds after she takes it off before realizing something "doesn't this seem a little one-sided, love? I mean, after all, you're completely naked yet I don't even got my hat off."
(Steven always wore a great pokemon war hat his grandfather gave him.)
Paige giggles and reaches for his hat, taking it off his head. Steven helped Paige undress him down to his Fighting-type symbol boxers "you can get this however one off however you want, Paige." He said, and there was an obvious bulge in said boxers. Paige smiles and closes her eyes, focusing on her psychic powers to take it off. Steven's boxer's slide down, revealing his erection into the cool early morning air in the tent. He shivers a bit from the air touching the shaft.
"Well Paige, that's what I look like." Steven was rather bigger than most lucarios, his erection being about 16 inches long, deefinitely too big for any normal pokemon, but gardevoir's were special pokemon, bred to take up to 18 inches at full growth. "Whoa, it's big." She stares at the long shaft. Her face was bright red at the sight. Steven started to blush at her comment, "let's just say my dad was a very... gifted, man." "Gifted. Right." She said as she feels his paws on her head. Steven brought Paige into a soft and passionate kiss as his erection started softly poking at her thigh, as he brings both of his paws to the horn on Gardevoir's chest and rubs it strongly as he kissed her. Paige moans from the passionate kiss and the feeling of his hand of her horn. Her body shudders from the pleasurable assault she is getting from the Lucario.
Steven then softly pushes Paige down onto the air mattress and breaks the kiss and stops rubbing her horn, and lines himself up with her, "Are you sure you're ready for this, love?" He asked, seeing if Paige was ready. Paige is just as nervous as Steven is. Despite this, she want to seal the link thay made last night. With that, she nods her head, "Yes Steven. I am ready and I want this. So please?" She ask him. Steven slowly pushed himself inside her slowly, before coming across a slightly resistant wall inside her, so he pushed himself past it slowly, as the pain happened for Paige he held her close and rubbed her back to help deal with the pain. Paige groan and grits his teeth as Steven tears through her hymen. She make small cries as the pain comes, slightly comforted by him holding her close and rubbing her back. Tears run down her eyes as she endures this.
Steven brought his left paw from her back and rubbed the horn between her breasts to help ease the pain "I'm right here love, just let me know when you're ready, alright?" He said, not wanting to rush Paige into it. Paige pants from the mixure of pain and pleasure. Her lower body feels like she's on fire. She calms down from him stopping and rubbing his horn. She smiles at his concern. "Thank you. Let's start off slow ok?" She ask him, staring in her eyes. Steven nods and slowly pushes in all the way, before nearly pulling out all the way and pushing into her slowly, but slightly faster, Steven keeps repeating over and over, each time slightly faster than the last.
Paige moans out low as he slides into her folds and out. Starting to get accommodated to his length, she feels him starting to go faster a bit in each thrust she makes. She wraps her arms softly around his body, bringing him on her body. Steven presses his lips against Paige's, then rubbing her soft breasts with his paws, as Steven speeds up further, and starts to thrust harder. Paige moans as she kisses him back. She pants as he massages her breast and thrust harder and faster. Tears of pleasure run down her face as she lays and let him take control.
Steven's thrusting grows vigorous and non-stop "P-Paige, I'm getting close, where do you want it?" Steven asked, nearing the edge. Said Gardevoir shudders from the pleasure she's feeling. When he heard that he's close, she just smiles and said, "Where ever you want it to go into." She kisses him as she finishes. Steven smiles and thrusts one last time before pulling out and it sprays all over her stomach and chest Steven was lightly smiling "only reason I didn't release inside is because I don't want to risk parenthood too early" Steven leaned forward and pressed his lips against hers softly, rubbing his right paw on Paige's horn a bit blushed as she is covered in the Lucario's seed. "I see well thank you for recalling that." She gets out before she was kissed again and she moans from her horn being rubbed again. The 2 fall into a deep sleep, greatly exhausted from what happened, and excited for what lied ahead for them both.


Steele(F Lucario) X Kyle(M Zoroark)

Steele(F Lucario) X Kyle(M Zoroark)
Kyle stole some rare candies from his sister's secret stash and Steele found out about it. Now he's forced to 'pay' her for the taken supplements.

* * *

Steele enters her room and stretches from her recent training practice. The lucario decided that tomorrow she should train her EVs a bit and looked around her small bedroom for her macho brace which she could not find. She assumed her brother Kyle had borrowed it. She sighs. "Looks like I have to get it from him." She said as she exits the room. She walked down the hallway a bit until she reached her brother's room.
She knocked a few times and had no answer. "Must be out pranking people." She guess, knowing the zoroark's nature. She entered Kyle's extremely messy room to look for her macho brace herself, but instead found several empty blue wrappers littered across the floor.'Hey, those are..." She recognize the wrappers of rare candies anywhere. But she never recall ever seeing him get some, let alone this much. The only one who had this much was-
Steele stopped her train of thought as she ran back into her room, she then went into closet where she keeps her stash of rare candies. She opened her stashbox to see that there are still a few left, the problem is, they're are fewer than before!
Steele keeps her stash of rare candies hidden and she only uses them when she feels she needed to get stronger faster. Kyle sometimes ask for one which she sometimes does, but she never showed him the location.
The Lucario put two and two together and came up with a realization: Kyle found and stole some of her rare candies! "That thieving fox!" She yelled out as the came to that conclusion. She ran out her room to find her brother, but stopped before she can get down the stairs. 'That guy could be anywhere. It'll take forever to find him outside.' She walked to her room. 'He'll have to come here sooner or later, I'll just wait till he gets here.' She thought about that plan as she lays on her bed and relax until he gets here.
(A few hours later.)
Steele was napping until she heard footsteps as she turn to see a flash of black past her doorway. 'Could that be him?' she thought as she got up and quietly peeked into her brother's room. She sees him gathering discarded rare candy wrappers from the ground as he glances back to see if anyone's watching. Steele kept moving away so he doesn't see her. "My sister's sleeping in her room, So she shouldn't know what happened." kyle said as he throws the wrappers into the trash can, covering it with his other trash.
He smiles as he sighs in relief as he turns to leave his room, only to see the Lucario going in his room. Kyle looked shocked from her appearance. "Hey little brother." She said making a fake smile. "Oh hello Steele." He put up a nervous smile seeing his sister. "I was under the impression that you were sleeping." He said. Steele smiles at the comment. "I was simply taking a nap until I heard you walking down the hall." She explained as she walk close. "It's good to see you little brother." She hugged him as she finishes. She notices that his body felt stronger. "Whoa Kyle, you feel tougher than last time I hugged you." She commented, sounding shocked. Kyle smiles, "Yeah I was training a bit to get stronger for trouble in case." He said. "Training?" He took out a used rare candy wrapper. "Or taking enhancements?" She finished.
Kyle looks a little worried, but he sighs "Alright I bought a few rare candies and use them to get stronger." Steele was unconvinced. "I saw the wrappers in your room." She went to his trash can to dig up the others he tried to hid. "Quite a lot for a little boost." Kyle starts to get nervous. "O-Okay I admit. I-I wanted to get stronger quickly, so I bought a good some and use them." She shakes her head and took out her stash box. "So can you explain how my stash is lower than my last check up, and don't say I used a lot one time. I always use one when I feel behind." She said seriously.
Kyle panics as he can't find a answer to counter that. "I always knew you were a sneaky fox, but this is too far!" She said angrily. The fox shudders from her sisters anger. "Wait I'm sorry! I'm really sorry, I didn't think you would mind that much." She shook her head. "Sorry's not good enough, I do mind it thank you very much. These are called rare candies for a reason." She turned and exit the room. "Where you going?" He ask. "I'm going to tell our parents what you did." she answered. He freaked out as he leaped and grabbed her legs. "No! Don't tell them! I'll be in serious trouble if you do." She shook her head. "You shouldn't take things that don't belong to you." "Please don't! I'll do anything you want, just don't tell them."
She turns her head to him. "Anything I want?" She ask him. "Y-Yeah of course. I'll replace all I took from you don't worry." He promise her. The lucario smirked, "Yeah you could do that, or something else easier?" Kyle looks at her. "Something easier?" He ask curious as to what she meant by that. She give him a smirk. "Remember I accidentally caught you fapping in your room?" She ask him blushing. He blushed as he stayed quiet at that question. "You were quite long, I wonder what would it feel like inside me?"
Kyle blushed at what she's saying, "I don't think that's such a good idea to do that-" "It's either we do this or we go to our parents about your crime." She said with a smirk. He whimpered from the terms as he realize he has no choice. "All right Steele you win." She smiled as he lifts him up. "Don't worry, you'll enjoy it." She assures him as she closes his door and carries him into her room and onto her bed. "Oh!" despite his reluctance to the act, his cock is growing hard for the oncoming event. "Seems he wants it after all." She teases him as she climb onto the bed. She closes the door and lock it so no one catches them in the act.
She ponders on what to do next. Her pussy is getting wet from the idea. "I feel quite tempted to take it in my pussy, but unless I want to risk getting pregnant by you I shouldn't." She said thinking. "That doesn't mean I don't have to take it in my other hole." She said lustfully. Steele then climb onto the bed and over him, rubbing his cock with her paws as she places her rear behind him. "We need to get lubed up for the fucking that will be happening." She said as she started licking. Kyle let out a moan as she licks around his shaft. She pushes back so that her ass was in his face. "I need you to lick me out so I'll have a good passage." Kyle nods and pushes his face in so that he's between her cheeks and licks her pucker hole. "Oohh yes." She moaned out as she begins taking his meat into his mouth. She bobs up and down as he pushes his tongue past her splinter and into her tunnels, getting her to moan on his shaft.
They kept this up until she pull back, his cock slathered in her saliva. She moves her ass away from his face, the hole coated. she turns around so she can see his face as she grinds his cock with her ass. She smiles as she positions herself over his tip. "Get ready for a ride of your life!" She said as she lowers down, his cock slipping into her ass with a slicking sound. Steele moans out from this thickness while Kyle moans because of her tight rear gripping his shaft.
They pant out a bit to recover from the penetration. She then uses her legs to lift herself up and down his length. She moans softly as hard cock rubs her anal muscles with each bounce. Kyle acts a bit daring by placing his hands on her sisters thighs and rubs them sensually. "Aw, does by brother enjoy being ridden like this?" Steele ask in a teasing voice. "Y-yeah." he moans out as he moves on of his hand to her hips. "Then you'll enjoy this more." She said as she moves one of her hands to her pussy lips, rubbing them right in front of her brother. His face turns red as she fingers herself in front of him.
Their moans get mixed in with their panting as she increase her pace, slamming down faster and harder onto his cock. As she does this, her thrust becomes a little shorter as a round blockage. She blushed as the lucario recognize her brother's knot. She looks at him for his thoughts. The Zoroark looks shocked and shakes his head to not let them get knotted. She giggles as she pushes down hard, getting his knot into her ass, getting a loud cry from both of them. She moves upward to see she can't go as high as before because they're tied together. She bounce quick and fast, both panting from the pleasure. A couple of bounce later pushed her over the edge as she reached her climax. Her fluids splashed onto her brother's thighs. She pants from the pleasure as she keeps bouncing on him. Kyle groans as he experience his orgasm, spraying his seed deep into her ass.
She collapses onto her brother's chest. Their faces show complete pleasure as they rest from the sex. "I told you to keep the knot out, now well be stuck together for at most a hour." Kyle said to her. Don't worry it's not like I'll get pregnant." she told him not worrying, except until she heard a knock on the door. "Steele, are you okay in there? I heard you scream." Their mother's voice sounded through the room. Kyle's face shows panic as the thought of their parents discovering what happened, but Steele puts a finger to her lips as she said. "Yes mom, I'm okay. I just tripped and banged my shoulder on the bed guards. Nothing to worry about though." She said. It was quiet for the moment before the mother said. "Okay, well dinner will be ready in a hour in a half. Just to let you and your brother know." she answered. "Thank you mom. I'll tell Kyle that when he wakes up." They hear footsteps as she walks away. She turns to her brother and smile. "See? Nothing to worry." Kyle sighs as theylay together bounded by Kyle's knot.
(45 minutes later.)
Steele feels his knot shrunk some amount and try to get up, with her slipping off of his shaft this time. She smiles as she stretches her body from having to stay still for some time. "So are we even?" Kyle ask her. She turns to him and smiles. "Yes, we're even." Kyle smiles and gets up off her bed, stretching as she did when she got up. Smiling, we walked towards his sister's door, but before he can get out, Steele grabs his arm to stop him. He turns to see what's wrong to see her smiling. "You can steal my rare candies anytime, though not too often. They are for emergencies only." She said with a lustful smirk. Kyle blushed at that comment, but to be honest, he did enjoyed their moment. "I'll keep that in mind." He said and left the room.


(F)Serperior X (F)Reshiram

Female Serperior and Female Reshiram
A lone serperior wandering a meadow feeling alone and sad because she can't find love because she's a lesbian. When she feels like she can't go on, a pokemon symbolizing truth appears to comfort her and tell her that there is love for all kinds of pokemon. Size changing will be involve in this story.

* * *

A calm breeze brushes the short grass of the meadow, Clear skies blanket the ground and chirping sounds of various bird pokemon sound through the area. In this peaceful environment, a young grass type pokemon travels through the area. Its body slithering through the meadow as the young female serperior travels with a sorrowful expression on her face. She has seen pokemon of various types and species find love in their lives, but she hasn't. One part of it is because she's attracted to females instead of males and lots of pokemon don't like that. She tries hanging out with girls she like and either they hate pokemons like her or they aren't interested in a relationship, a few being nice with that.
She stops and curls up and looks up into the blue sky. "It's so beautiful." She sighs as she stares upward. "I don't know what is wrong. Same gender relationships is not rare, but I have seen those who's very cold about it." She looks over her serpentine body. "Is it me, do no one find me attractive?" She ask herself as she starts to tear up from the sadness as she can't find the answer for her bad luck.
"You're not alone." A voice ringed in her ears. The serperior brought her head up and looked around the scenery, trying to find out where that voice came from. She hasn't seen anyone who could've said that. "Great, now I'm hearing things." She sighs. "You're not alone." A voice repeated. She got up again hearing the voice. "Who's there?" She asked looking around. All of a sudden, a flash of light appeared and blinded her. She opened to see a Reshiram in front of her. She shivered back as the legendary towers in front of her. No need to worry, I'm not going to hurt you." It assured her in a female voice. The serperior relax a bit, though still a bit nervous. "Okay then, well what are you doing here?" She ask her.
The Legendary pokemon took a deep breath and explained, "I was watching you for some time, getting rejected by other pokemon, most of them rather cruelly. It saddened me you take all of this. All pokemon deserves love in their lives." She gets a slight blush on her face as she adds, "Even me." The serperior blushes at the words. "Wait, do you mean?" Reshiram nods as she approaches her. "I think you're very beautiful and I would like to be with you." The serperior's eyes filled with tears as she was told this, but she sees a problem. "I'm very flattered with this, but you're too big." She explained. Reshiram sees where she's going. "That won't be a issue." She said as she started to glow.
Serperior covers her eyes from the brightness. Soon it ended and she uncovered her eyes to see that the legendary has shrunk to her size. "This is better right?" She asked. The grass type smiled at the situation. "Yes, this is better." She answered her. Reshiram smiled as she walked towards her. She she came close, she placed her arms around her. Serperior's body began to heat up from her feelings kicking in. Reshiram rubs the grass types body gently to soothe her. She also feels the dragon's body heating up, feeling pleasant on her body. She feels herself being lay down on her back, with the dragon turning around and presenting her folds to the grass snake.
Rashiram smiles at seeing the grass types folds wink at her. "Oho, enjoying the sights are we?" She ask teasingly as she went down and licked it. The Serperior let out a moan as the dragon proceeded to sit on her, her own folds on the snake's face. "I can sense your feelings you know? You like this." She said warmly. "No need to be shy, go on and lick." The Serperior blushed, but she nods as she brought her mouth to her folds and use her fork tongue to lick at the entrance. This gets the legendary to moan out softly as she went back to the serpent's vagina.
Serperior pushed her face so it's slightly entering so she can get deeper. Rashiram grins and stick her mouth slightly in the snake's pussy, slipping her tongue deep inside. The grass type shudders from the pleasurable feeling and she increases her pace. The dragon/fire type groans at the feeling. "Well now. You're certainly skilled." She said. "I know a few things." Serperior responded as she uses her vines to rub her folds. The legendary responds by drilling into her more, their actions bringing them close to their climax.
The Serperior moans and pants increasingly faster as she continues licking the dragon's pussy. She groans and shudders as her juices sprayed over the legendaries face. Rashiram licks around her face getting the grass types juices off her. "Don't you taste nice." She said as she let out a moan. "I hope you like mine as well." She said as she reached her own climax. Serperior can feel her warm fluids entering her mouth, which she takes happily.
Serperior lets her head on the plain. "You were sweet as well." She said. Rashiram lays down on top of her. "I'm glad to hear. How was it?" Her warm body radiates through the grass types skin. "It was wonderful." She said as her eyelids droop a bit, feeling sleepy. "You look a bit tired." The legendary said with a smile. "It's okay, just close your eyes and rest. I'll be there when you wake up." She said soothingly. Serperior smiles as her eyes close completely, as she falls asleep with a smile on her face.

* * *

I like to thank everyone who gave me request, reviews on my stories. I also like to thank those who are waiting on them. I'm am still working on them and I will finished them. So all I ask is that you be patient on your story to be published.


Abigail(F Gardevoir) X Violet(F Zoroark)

Abigail (F Gardevoir) And Violet (F Zoroark).
A Kirlia, meets a shiny Zorua, and she discovers she has feeling for her but doesn't know if she feels the same way. Two years later and after they evolved, they meet again.

* * *

At high school. A Kirlia walks to collect her books and folders for her classes. It was her senior year and she'll graduate when it's finished. She finished and started heading to class, but she stack so much stuff in front of her and she couldn't see in front of her and she bumped into something, dropping her stuff. She gasp as she immediately went down. "Oh I'm so sorry! I didn't see-" She couldn't finished as she was face to face with a Zorua, though her fur is light brown with blue spots instead of midnight purple with red. 'It's a shiny.' She realized as she stared in awed of the creature. "Are you alright?" The Zorua ask her. "Huh? oh yes, I'm fine. I'm sorry for bumping into you." She said as she and the Zorua collects her stuff. "Thanks for helping me. My name is Abigail." The Kirlia introduces herself. "I'm Violet, nice to meet you. Where you going?" Violet the Zorua ask her. Abigail told her the location. "Here, I walk you there. It's on the way to my class." Violet offered, holding on some of the Kirlia's books. Abigail smiles and accepts it. The two then started walking to the direction.
As they walked, they chatted to figure out that Violet is also on her senior year and heading to college as well as she does. They discussed their favorite hobbies, their plans, and their hopes and dreams. They soon reached Abigail's classroom. "Thanks again for helping me and my stuff." She said as Violet handed her stuff back. No worries." Violet said as she begun to leave. "Hey violet." She called out to him. "Would you like to hang out sometime? We could be good friends." Abigail suggest. The Zorua thought about it then smiles. "Sure, I like to be friends." She answered as she left the Kirlia who has a smile on her face.
The two started hanging out with each other a lot. They discussed various things, helped each other in their studies, and talked about they're hopes and dreams. All the while Abigail have been feeling rather nervous when around her. She fidgets when she sits next to her, her heart speed up when Violet touches her shoulder, and she feels warm on the inside. "Abigail, are you okay?" "Huh? oh yeah I'm alright. Why?" "Your face is all red." Violet explained. Abigail looked in her pocket mirror and see that she's telling the truth. "Maybe I'm coming down with something." She guessed. Violet pat her on the back. "Hope you get better." She told her. Abigail's heart skipped a beat from her touch.
One night she told her parents this and they responded, "You are in love." Abigail face flushed from the answered. she has just been told that she's in love. "How is this happening?" "It happens to every pokemon, it's nothing new." The Gardevoir, her mother told her this. "So how's this pokemon who on your mind?" She hesitated a bit before answering, "A shiny Zorua name Violet, a famale." She closes her eyes expecting gasps and shouts, but instead she got a hand on her shoulder and a hug. "Huh?" "It's okay to feel towards ones of the same gender." The Gallade, her father assures them. "W-what's this?" Abigail ask confused. "We'll give you permission to go out with her." Abigail blush, "But..but I don't know if she feels the same way." She said nervous. "You won't know if you don't tell her." Her mother said. The kirlia was nervous at the thought.
The next day, Abigail went to school. She saw Violet was waiting for her at the entrance. "Good morning. Are you better?" The Zorua ask her. "Huh? Oh yes, I just felt a little warm that time." The zorua smiles and said, "If you have anything to tell me, don't hesitate to okay? you can trust me." The Kirlia smiles at well, "Thanks for that. I really appreciated that." She thought about what her parents said and decided to test it out. 'If it's meant to be, it'll happen.' She thought as they headed into school.
(Two years later.)
The Meinshao reviews the application. "So far everything seems to be in order. Here's your dorm key miss... Abigail right?" The Gardevoir nods. "Yes, that's correct." The fighting type smiles. "Okay, also this is a co-ed dorm, so we placed you in a dorm someone else stays in. If there's any problems with anything just tell us ok?" "I understand." Abigail said and proceeded to her assigned dorm room.
After some walking and direction changing, she was finally able to find her dorm room. Taking her room key, she enters it in the look and turn it, unlocking the door and with that she opens it. She takes a look at her dorm room and see that it's quite outfitted with a few things she expected for a dorm, and a few things she didn't. "Obviously they're my roommate's." She said as she examined the room. "Yes that's right." A voice sounded behind her. She gasp when she heard and quickly said. "Oh, I'm sorry for entering. I was giving this room and-" She didn't finished as she took a look at her new roommate. "It was a Zoroark who had blue spots in its fur instead of red, implying it's a shiny. "No worries. I had my room key with me and I know I locked my door, so that could only be the reason." it said with a female voice, a familiar female voice. Abigail stares at the dark type. "You ... you sound kinda familiar...Violet?" She finally ask. Its eyes widen at the Name. "Abigail?" It ask her name, which she nods.
Violet smiles as she ran to her and hug her. "Abigail, it's so good to see you! It's been two long." "Two years." Abigail answers, "But it's still surprising to see you here. I didn't expect to see you at be attending here." Abigail said. "I said I intended to go to college, but I never said which one though." Violet said. Abigail looked over the room as well. "No ones here as well? I thought you have someone staying with you. A boy at least." She said. Violet shrugs. "It was kinda peaceful being alone for a bit." The Zoroark was quiet for a moment. "And I prefer girls." She admit. Abigail looked at her in shock. "You like females?" Violet nods. "In fact, there was someone in high school I like." The Gardevoir's eyes widen at this. Sure she's pretty upset she likes someone else, but she's curious. "Really, What's she like? Can you describe her?" She ask. "You already know them." Abigail's ears perked up. "Really, I'm not sure, a description and personality please?" She ask her. "Come here." Violet led her to the bathroom. "Look in the mirror."
Abigail did as she said and saw her reflection. She smiled at her reflection. "See it now?" She shook her head. "I don't get it." She answers her. Violet giggles. "The one in the reflection is the one I have a crush on." She hinted. Abigail looks confused at the idea, but then the truth came to her "It's me." She turns to her. "You like me?" "Of course." She places her paws on the Gardevoir's soft hands. "I like you. Ever since high school." Her paws moved to her delicate arms. "I...I..." Abigail was at a loss for words. "I wanted to tell you this for a long time, but I never had the confidence to go through with it. I didn't see anything that hinted you be interested." Violet explained herself.
Abigail blushed at her words. "It was the same for me too. When I think about you, my heart skips a beat, my face turns red, and I get all nervous about it." It was violet's turn to blush from Abigail's words, "Wait you like me too? What didn't you-" "I was worried how you take it. Even my parents telling me to didn't help me out. I figured if it was meant to be, it'll happen." She said. Violet smiles and brought the Gardevoir to her in a hug. "I guess this means it was meant to be." She said as she planted her lips on the psychic types mouth. Abigail's face flushed as they kiss, their tongues entwining with each other. Abigail's eyes were closed in bless as this happens. When she opened them, she found herself on the bed with Violet on top of them.
Abigail body was shivering from nervousness that she felt. Violet rubs her chest softly as she spoke. "Don't worry, I'll be gentle for you." She said as she uses her other paw to rub Abigail's slit. "But I've waited so long for this moment, and I'm going to get it." Abigail gasp at the feeling, but then it turns to a moan as Violet kept rubbing it softly and can even hear her humming a pleasant tune as she slips a finger inside. She gasp even louder at Violet's action, as it causes her to shiver in pleasure in the Zoroark's arm. "Aw you like it?" She ask teasingly as she brought them two close to each other. "But I like it if you could do the same for me." She said as Abigail then looked down to see Violet's folds as well." Putting a small smile, Abigail uses one of her hands to rub her folds like violet rubbed hers earlier. Violet groans from the feeling as she rest her cheek on Abigail's own. "There that's good." She said as she went a little faster. Abigail tries to keep up, but struggles to do so from the pleasure. "Aw, not so strong when doing this aren't you?" She ask as she places her on her back again. "Well then, just relax and let me lead."
Abigail nods slowly as she moves her hand away and climb on top of her. She wonders what's going on until she feels Violet grinding their pussies together. Violet groans out at the same time. "This is so we both feel pleasure, and from your moaning, you seem to be enjoying the act." She said teasingly as she moves her hips back and forth. Abigail shudders from the feeling it gives. "I...I.." She stutters. Violet places a paw on Abigail's cheek. "No need to be shy. Just enjoy it." She said as she softly kisses her again. Abigail feels Violet's tongue wrap around hers again. 'She's so gentle and kind. No wonder why I love her.' She thought as they moan into each others mouth as Violet grinds onto her.
They hug each other tightly as they grind back in forward into each other. They're kept kissing each other as their actions brought them closer and closer to their limits. They hug each other tightly and moan into each others mouths as they reach their climax, spraying their juices on each other. Violet lays on top of Abigail as they pant from their bout. "That felt amazing!" Abigail said softly. "I agree with you. Oh I wanted this for so long." Violet nuzzled Abigail's cheek. "I'm glad you enjoyed it." Abigail said. "I would love to do this again with you anytime." Abigail said with a smile. "I'll be sure to do that. I love you Abigail." "I love you too Violet." They kissed once again as they both soon went to sleep.


(M)Grovyle x (F)Servine

(M)Grovyle x (F) Servine
Grovyle entered a cafe shop to relax and think about what to write for his school report when he catches eye on a beautiful Servine sitting at a table.

* * *

It was a early afternoon with a cool temperature outside. A Grovyle was walking down the street, adjusting his scarf while thinking about what to write for his project for school. He looked to see he was right next to his favorite cafe shop. With a smile, he push open the the door entering the shop. The fresh smell of coffee fills the room as he headed towards the counter and places his order.
He turns around and look to see if there's a table he can sit at. He noted one with a Servine sitting at it. She was wearing a white scarf and typing on a laptop using her vines to hit the keys. Grovyle opted to sit next to her. He walked up to her and greeted her. She looked at him and gasp a bit. "Oh uh..Hello." It said with a female voice. "I'm sorry for disturbing you. I was wondering if I can sit at this table?" He ask her. She was a bit nervous at the thought, but said. "Okay, go on ahead." He smiles and takes a chair and sit.
He took out a book he brought with him to see if he could find anything to work on. He glances at the Servine to see her yellow eyes. "What are you working on?" He ask her. She looks at him curiously and responded. "It's for the project at my school, Hexicoriuo High. It's about the season changes."Servine told him. He raised a eyebrow at the name of her school. "Hexicoriuo? I go to that school as well." He said with a smile. "Oh really? That's nice." She said with a smile. "How's school for you so far?" He ask. "Pretty good. My grades are up and they always find new ways to make the teachings look interesting." She answered as she slowly starts to get comfortable with the other grass type. "What about you?" She ask looking at him now. "It's doing well. Other than trying to find what kind of subject to write for my project." He said jokingly, which she respond with a giggle. Looking at him now, he is rather handsome.
Soon the Grovyle's order came and he paid for the order. They then started talking more often with the Servine blushing at from time to time. After a little while, she turns off her laptop and gets up. "Well.. I think it's time for me to go." She said with a blush, looking away shyly. Grovyle smiles as he slowly edges closer to her, eventually reaching her face, she blushes even more expecting what is to come. The male grass type brought his face close to hers and claimed her lips. She let out a soft moan as she feels his arms wrap around her body, which she responds by wrapping her arms around him, using her vines to wrap him completely. Their tongues twirl and wrapped around each other as they make out. They soon saparated their faces blushing as she nuzzles his cheek. "Let go to my place." He smiled as they headed out of the cafe.
They arrived at the Servine's home late afternoon. They smiled when they realize that they'll be alone for a while. She lead him to her room. It was decorated with some stuffed animals and stuff you expect from a girl's room. "Don't you think you're a little old for stuff toys?" Grovyle ask mockingly. "Hey, I grew up with them. They hold a special place in my heart." Servine smiled as she explained it to him. He smiles as well as he nuzzles her cheek. "That's nice." "I thought you thought it was childish." She said with a giggle as she nuzzles back. "I'm just teasing you." He responded. They go into a kiss as he lays her on the bed. He places his hands on to her b cup breast and lightly kneaded them. She gasp as he plays with her chest. He goes to licking her neck as he kept his gentle approach. She moans as she starts to feel his shaft poking her body. "You're certainly getting into it." She said teasingly. Grovyle smirked as he move to see her slit area getting wet. "Looks who talking." He said as he brought his face to her entrance and starts licking. She hissed in pleasure as his tongue dived into her folds. A little while it stopped and he looks at her.
He brought a hand to her point of view to see a condom in his hand. She blushed at the idea he has. She opened her mouth to speak, but he cut her off by saying, "I didn't plan for this moment. I just bring one with me just in case." He said as he put it down. "But if you want to wait, I don't mind." He said sincerely. She smiled as she nods. "I want this as well." He smiles as he takes the wrapper off. He places it over his shaft and climb over him. Her face goes even redder as she whispers. "Please be gentle. I never had this before." He hesitated when he heard she's still intact. He lay on top of her and kissed her gently. "I'll be as gentle as I can." He said as he position himself to her entrance. They both take a deep breath and he started to push inside her. She moans for a bit before he hits a blockage, which he knows it's her hymen.
He looks at her as to say, 'Are you sure about this?' She smiled and nuzzle his cheek. With that, he pushed forward, tearing right through her seal. She let out a loud cry as she hold him tightly. He can feel liquid spreading and he look to see a bit of blood around his shaft. He was worried a bit, but he calmed down cause he heard this happened to first timers. Her body shakes as tears leak down her eyes. He nuzzles her cheek and kisses her gently. She calms down a bit and smiles, "I'm okay." With that, Grovyle slide out a bit and push back in slowly, getting a moan from her. He wraps around her body with his arms as he kept up his gentle approach. "Can you go faster?" She ask him. He nods and started to speed up his thrust. Both were moaning from the pleasure.
He rubs her breast, even squeezing them a bit, getting squeals from her. "I'm getting close." he told her. She wrap around his body "Me too." She admits as well. They kept going for a while, and before he thrust one more time, he brought his face to hers and planted his lips on hers. They both moaned out as they reached their climax. He can feel her fluids splashing onto his shaft. He gets his orgasm as well, and thankfully because of his condom, she won't get pregnant.
He lay down on her as they both pant from their sexual moment. "How was it for you?" Grovyle ask her in concern and affection. "It was amazing. Thank you for it." She smiles as she nuzzle his cheek and kisses him. He then thought about something. You know? I think I might have a idea for my project." Servine smiles, "And what would that be?" He smiles as he nuzzle her. "The subject of love." They giggle as they nuzzle and kissed each other until they pass out into sleep.


(H)Lopunny and clones

F Lopunny herm
A Lopunny finds a clone machine in a lab and uses it to clone herself multiple times.

* * *

At the pokemon lab, there are pokemon working on various experiments that could help others in various ways. One of them, a Lopunny herm was working alongside a few others when she needed to head to the restroom. On her way, she passed by a room where it contains a odd machines where they are two containers linking them to each other. "Can I help you?" She turn to see a Blaziken walking towards her. "Oh no, I was heading to the bathroom when I saw that. What is it?" She ask. "That's a cloning machine." "Cloning machine?" She ask him. "A machine which clones anthing, objects pokemon, etc. into another. So far everything goes well, though we're trying to make them last longer. At this time, a clone can last for 24 hours." He explained. She nods her head as she thanks him and walks to the bathroom, taking a final look to the cloning machine.
Time passed to the final hours of work and Lopunny couldn't shake the time machine from her thoughts. If it can clone pokemon as well, who knows what fun you could do it it. Her panties was getting wet and a small bulge formed in her pants as she kept thinking on fun ideas using clones. She decides to make a clone so she can have a lustful fun with it. She waited for the work hours to end and the others started preparing to go home. She reached the exit door before saying. "Oh, I forgot something! I need to go back and get it." She said as she headed back into the building.
She headed towards the room with the cloning machine. She swiped her keycard in and gained access to the room. She spied on someone using it and figured out how it worked. She turns it on and repeated the sequences required and set a mark for it to start. Afterwards, she entered the machine and the next moment, a light shined in the machine. She felt funny, but it didn't hurt as it got brighter and then a flash appeared. She wiped the eyes from the sudden flash as she saw the glass seal opens up. She stepped out and looked to the other machine to see it opened up as well. stepping outside was another Lopunny wearing the same clothes she was wearing. She giggled at seeing that it worked. She was about to leave when another thought got into her head. 'Well two is a couple. Three would be my own little party.' She grinned when she told her clone to wait here as she went back into a machine, repeating the process until a third Lopunny appeared. With that, they exited the room and headed towards the entrance.
She looks outside to see the coast is clear. She brought the others to the car and started it up and drove to her house. She arrived and lead them inside, going to her room. "Well we're all here." She said as she locked the door behind them. She turn to see that the clones are already undressed and that their shaft are hard and twitching. 'Well they are a clone of me, so they should know what I'm thinking.' She thought as she slowly undress. When she got her top off, paws already appeared and run over her breast. The original moaned from the paws touching them as she moves down to her pants and panties off. The second clone began grinding it's body on the original one as well, rotating rubbing her cock and slit with one and rubbing her buttcheeks with the other. The original lets out a pleasurable moan as they play around with her body.
The soon had enough and they position their cocks to the original's ass and pussy. The true Lopunny braces herself as they begin pushing in, their cocks entering both her ass and pussy. The original one moans out loudly from the feeling of double penetration she's getting as well as being sandwiched by her clones, feeling their breast squish along her bodies and her own press to the clone in front. She feels her cheek being brush and turn to see her clone reaching and kissing the other. They smooch loudly as they thrust up into the original at the same time, then the switched and started kissing the original one. They started going faster and harder, fucking each of her holes in earnest. It brought the original over the edge and she climaxed, spraying the one in front with her seed. Moments after her, the clones groaned out as they filled her holes with their seed as well. They both moan out as they ride out their orgasms.
The Lopunny felt herself being pushed onto her hands and knees by the clone behind her. the one in front let go so she can be over her. The one in front slides out of her ass and went straight to her pussy in one quick thrust. The original moans out loud, then feels the second's shaft enters her open mouth. It begins thrusting quick and fast as the original licks around the tip as she sucks whatever she can take. The clone moaned as it couldn't help but lightly thrust into original's mouth as the one behind fucks her pussy, which she yelps a bit from the sudden thrust they made. The clones were amazed at how tight and warm his original's holes felt. Despite the turn of events, The original Lopunny wants to get more, so she widens his mouth to take more of her shaft inside as she pushes back to the others thrust. The clones didn't hold back either and panted as they started to put a little more weight into their thrusts.
The original moans on front clones cock as she slurps up the salty taste as she can hear their panting increases as they get close to their limit, so she braces herself for the oncoming climax. They groaned loudly as the back one fill her womb all the way, while the other blasted down her throat. The three collapse onto the ground. The original places a hand on her bloated belly, pleased at the fun they had. She thought about what would happen regards they cummed in her pussy, but she shook her head. "They're clones. They can't get someone knocked up." She said as she starts to fall asleep.
(Timeskip 4 months later)
Lopunny was writing a request for paid leave as she walks towards the bosses office, her belly grown quite a lot since her little fun and she rubs it softly as she knows she's pregnant. She handed the request to her boss, which he accepts and gives you a nod. "Congragulations by the way. I didn't know you were seeing someone." She blink a bit. "Oh yeah, I am. He's a little shy about the relationship though." She made up a excuse, not wanting to say she got knocked up by a clone. She thank him and headed out the building.


Ivy(F Serperior)X Shellz(M Samurott)

Ivy(F Serperior)X Shellz(M Samurott)
Ivy was enjoying her time in a bath when a friend show up and heats things up.

* * *

Ivy was relaxing in a large bathtub she prepared for her, the warm water flowing around her Serperior body. She washed around her body, fron her tail and reaching up to her upper body. She rub her DD cup breast to clean them off. Afterwards, she lay her head to the tub edge to soak in the bath water for a bit before getting out.
As she does this, she heard a voice outside the bathroom . "Ivy, are you here?" She smiled as she recognized the voice to be Shellz, her Samurott friend. "I'm in the bathroom." She answered him. "When will you be coming out?" He ask. "When I'm done bathing." Ivy answered him. Although the next moment, Shellz entered the bathroom to see her in the bath. She blushed at the sight of his nude body. "H-hey, what are you doing?" she ask him. "I actually needed to take a bath as well, but hearing you are in it already, I thought we can bathe together." Shellz explained himself as he begins to approach her. Ivy shivers a bit as he comes closer. "I-I don't think that's such a good idea." Ivy said, but she doesn't do much as he enters and climbs on top of her. "No need to be shy, we both know you wanted this." He said seductively.
Ivy's face turns redder when he presses his firm masculine chest against her DD breast, rubbing them together softly. Then she gasp as her face turns even more red at the feeling of his crotch against her slit, her nipples becoming erect from her arousal building. Soon their breaths turn into pants and Ivy started feeling around his body, the warm water and their sexual touching and feeling turning them on so steadily. Soon enough, they bring their faces close to each other and lock lips. They wrestle their tongues with the other they enjoyed their passionate kiss. Shellz lined up his shaft with her entrance and pushes gently, entering her folds. She moaned and squealed from the penetration in a loud and high pitched voice as she uses her vagina muscles to squeeze around his cock.
Shellz hold on to her body softly as he thrust in her repeatedly. She needed more of this so she begged him to go deeper, which he complied willingly so he was hitting the entrance of her womb. That made her yelped loudly as that was her sweet spot and she asked him to do it again, this time faster. They lock lips again as they enjoy the passionate moment. Her body was feeling hot as she was reaching her limit as he went harder and faster as he was near his own. Soon they reach their orgasms at the same time, their fluids mixing with each other as his seed traveled all the way to her womb. They both panted from the intense moment. "You were amazing Shellz." she said sweetly. He nuzzles his head to his cheek. "As were you."
The two finish their baths together and dried each other off. They brushed their teethes thoroughly afterwards before exiting the bathroom. They got on and started to get comfortable on the ultra plush bed. Ivy was on her side with her back to Shellz when she started feeling his hands on her back. She started to giggle from his touch as he started to tickle her even more. "Shellz stop it." she ask him. Shellz smirked as he went on even more. She turned her head to him. "Please stop." she said with a twinkle in her eyes and with a sweet voice, which causes him to stop this time, but then he started to turn her body so they're facing each other, placing his hands on her breast. "Why are you being like this?" she ask him. A blush came to his face as he answers, "I love you Ivy. For a long time." She blush as well hearing those words and him groping her breast. "How long have you felt this way?" "Ever since we were young, when you were a Snivy and I was a Oshawott." She smiled from his answer as he brought his face to her ear. "By the way, Even when you were young, you had a big pair of breasts, and you still do." He said teasingly.
She blush, not in embarrassment, but taking it as a compliment. The two share a kiss as he lines up his cock to her again and thrust into her again. She let out a pleasure filled squeal as he thrust into her quickly, but passionately. He went and started licking her nipples as she moans. During their round, he wraps his arms and legs around her body as she uses her vines to do the same to him. They kiss each other and tighten their hugs as they both came hard from the feeling. They panted as their second time left them exhausted. Shellz grabbed the blanket at his feet and brought it over them as the two mates start to fall asleep, still wrapped around each other and sexually connected to each other.
As they rested, Shellz murr from the warm feeling around his crotch and thrust upwards into Ivy's pussy, making them both moan in their sleep. They cum soon after a few thrust. They snuggle with each other as they soon drift off into a deep sleep.
(4 months later.)
Ivy was in the bathroom using a pregnancy tester. She had notice her belly growing a bit and wonder could be what she was thinking. After a brief moment, she lift it up to see a plus symbol on it, proving her thoughts true. She then leaves the house to look for Shellz. When she found him, she smiled as they hug each other. "Ivy, what's this for? You're awfully affectionate today." Ivy smiled as she tells him the news. "Shellz, I'm pregnant." He looks at her with wide eyes, "What? Really?" he starts to smile a bit after asking the question. "You're gonna be a father." She said with a smile as well. "I always dreamed of starting a family." he said as he embrace her as well. "And now we're going to have one." she finishes him and the two share a affectionate kiss, tears in their eyes at the thought of starting a family together.


(M)Feraligatr x (M)Nidoking

The sun was out and the sky was clear of any clouds. It a good day today, though not to a certain pokemon walking down a pathway. A feraligatr was quite down as we walks through the path towards the town up ahead. Recently, he confessed his feeling towards someone he loves, his trainer, but he didn't feel the same way as he told him he wasn't like that. While the trainer wasn't too hard on him and he said they're still friends, it still hurts the water type pretty hard. One day he ask his trainer for permission to leave for his hometown for a while to overcome this pain. His trainer thought that he had responsibility in this, so he accepted.
He arrived at his hometown in Johto, he smiled a bit being back here. He wondered what to do until a voice spoke out. "Feraligatr? That's you?" He turn to see a Nidoking walking towards him. Nidoking is his best friend since they were young, not counting his trainer, he's the only person who knows he's gay, cause he is too. The poison type walks towards him and embraces him in a hug. "It's been such a long time since you went with that trainer. Speaking of which, where is he?" He ask him. "I... actually came here alone. Needed some time alone." Nidoking looks confused. "Time alone? What happened?" He asked, looking concerned. Feraligatr sighs as he explained, "I confessed my feelings to my trainer." He started. "And from your expression he turned you down?" He nods, "He wasn't revolted by it and he still wanted to be friends with me, but I just needed some time alone to get through this pain."
Nidoking saddens at his predicament, but smiled when he thought of something. "You're right. That is hard to take, but it's good you still have a friend in him." The water type put on a small smile. "Yeah, your right." "And with your pain, I wouldn't mind helping you cheer up a bit." Feraligatr looks up at him. "Really, like what?" He responded by placing his hand on his hip. Feraligatr tense a bit while he trails along his thigh to his shaft. He was blushing, but also know that Nidoking's with someone. "Hey Nidoking, you really shouldn't. I mean you're married to that Machoke, isn't this cheating?" He shakes his head. "He'll be okay with it. He knows I'll always love him and that I only doing this to help out a friend." He looks up to see Feraligatr's still nervous. "But I will tell him about this if he's home. If not I'll tell him when he gets back." He said as he gets up and leads him to his home.
They reach Nidoking's home and he unlocks the door. He opens it and lets him inside. "Oh your back." A voice sounds the room. They turn to see a Machoke walking into the entrance hall. "Hey honey." Nidoking greeted him as the fighting type embraces him and kisses him on the lips. They continue this for a bit before separating. He then turns to Feraligatr. "You must be the Feraligatr he told me about." He nods. "Yes I am." "What you doing here? In town and our home." Nidoking takes his turn to speak. "He confessed his feelings to his love, but he didn't feel the same way. So I want to cheer him up." Machoke crosses his arms, "Sexually?" He said with a smug look. Nidoking gave him a innocent smile. "I'm just trying to help out a friend." He said innocently. Feraligatr adds hastily. "But I'll just go if it's too much trouble." He turns to leave. "Hey now, there's no need for that, if you need help, I can't stop him." He said with a smile. He stops and turns to him. "Are you sure?" "Yeah, I'm okay." He then squeezes Nidoking. "But expect to pay for it tonight." He said as he kisses him again, quite aggressively this time. Nidoking moans from his actions, signaling he's enjoying it. "Go right ahead, go at me hard if you like." He said lustfully. Machoke smiles. "That'll have to wait for tonight. I have to go get some things. Have fun you two~." He said teasingly as he walked past you two and headed out the door.
Feraligatr looks at the doorway where the Machoke exited in surprise, he didn't expect this outcome. He was surprise even more from feeling a arm grip around his neck. "I told you he'll be okay with it." Nidoking said. "Let's go. I like to help you out as soon as possible." Feraligatr blush as the poison type leads him to the bedroom. He opens the door and told the water type to sit on the bed. Feraligatr did as he said, he was already blushing as his hard shaft was in view. "Oh! For someone who wasn't for it to be this hard, you certainly look like your up for it." Nidoking said with a wide smile. Feraligatr blushed even further, "I can't help myself. So what should I do?" Nidoking shakes his head. "No need for you to do anything," he said as he takes a lick at the water types length. "Just let me take care of you." he finishes as he wraps his mouth over the tip. Feraligatr gasp at the feeling of his mouth as it slowly takes his cock in. It reaches halfway in before Nidoking moves back a bit, then slide back forward, taking a little more every time. When he reaches the hilt, Feraligatr places a hand on the back of the poison type's head, massaging it. Nidoking smiles as he increases the pace a bit, enjoying the taste of him. Soon the second hand was placed on his head as it went harder and faster. "Damn Nidoking, you sure know how you bob that head of yours." Nidoking smiles at the words as he looks up at Feraligatr, who's so into the pleasure he doesn't realize he's the one bobbing his head back and forth, but he just relax and let the water type dominate him.
This keeps up a little longer than Feraligatr growls, spilling his seed into the poison type's mouth. Nidoking swallowed down all the contents as Feraligatr rides out his climax. Soon enough, it stops and he slides it out of Nidoking's mouth. "Wow, that was really good." he said as he smiles at him. "I'm impressed myself. I didn't expect you to take the lead like that." Nidoking said with a smirk. The water type blushed in shock. "Me? I thought that was-" Nidoking shook his head. "No, you were the one moving my head, not me." he explain. Though embarrassed, he gives him a smile from his words.
Despite the recent orgasm, Feraligatr's cock still stands up in full erection. "Someone's still up for more huh?" Nidoking ask teasingly. "I am, but I like to do something else." He said. "Oh really, like what?" Nidoking ask him. "Could you get on the bed, and be on your hands and knees?" He ask Nidoking.
The poison type smirked as he knows the request and does what he's told. Feraligatr blushed at the sight of Nidoking's round ass at him. Without hesitation, he mounts on top of him. He lines his cock to the hole and starts pushing in. Nidoking moans as the long cock slides into his asshole. Feraligatr groans as well as he finds his hole opening easily, but still being snug on his cock. He takes a minute to take the feeling in before thrusting back and forth slowly.
"You're surprisingly tight back here." Feraligatr said as he fucks him. "My husband says that a lot too." He commented as he grips the blankets from the force. "I'm not going too hard or fast right? You okay?" He ask him. "Oh don't worry about me, My husbands dick is bigger than yours do I'm okay." He told him through moans. With that, He increases his speed into the Nidoking hole.
He kept going longer, going faster and harder at every thrust he makes, soon Feraligatr's body begins shaking. "I'm about to cum." He warned him about it. Nidoking moans as he pushes back to his thrust. "Go on. Fill me with your seed." He answers him. With one more thrust, he groans out loud as thick streams of sperm fills the poison types rump, which said poison type moans in response. "How did it feel?" Nidoking ask. "It was amazing, though I wish I could experience this with my trainer." He said with a sigh. "I know, and I'm sorry he doesn't feel that way, but you'll still have a friend in him, and you'll find someone who loves you in return." Nidoking said comforting. "Thank you." Feraligatr said as he lays down next to him to rest.
Feraligatr spend three days in town until feeling like he's ready to go back to his trainer. He visits the couple again to thank them and said goodbye. "You're welcome Feraligatr, and remember what I said." Nidoking told him. The water type nods. "Take care of yourself. You're welcome here anytime." Machoke smirks as he adds, "Maybe even go for a threesome as well." The last part causes him to blush a bright red, "I'll make sure to remember that next time I come by." He said as he turns around to leave. "I can see why you wanted to help him. He's a good guy." Machoke said. "I told you, and did you mean it by a threesome?" Nidoking ask him. "Of course, if you trust him, then I think it's ok." He said with a smile as they both enter their home and close the door.


(H)Meloett(Meloetta) X (F)Meloetta

(H)Meloett(Melloetta) X (F)Meloetta

* * *

The sun rose from the side of the hut as morning made its presence known. We go inside to see two pokemon sleeping in the same bed. They are two Meloettas. One in a Arias Form, the other in a Pirouette form. Both of them began to slowly stir. The Pirouette form got up and stretches its body awake while the other gets turned and smiled at her sister. "Good morning Meloetta How you slept?" The Pirouette, Meloett ask. "Alright." yawned her sister, Meloetta. She smiles. "Glad to hear. I slept well too." Meloett said."I'm heading in the bathroom to get ready." The Aria sister said as she enters. While Meloetta went to the bathroom, Meloett took a moment to stare at her sister's ass. She blushed at the sight as her sister disappears behind the door. And this caused a small bulge to pop up under the blanket.
Unlike her sister, Meloett was a herm so it explain the bulge. She looked away with a blush and a look of pirouette shakes her head to get out the thoughts. 'I can't think like that to Meloetta. She's my twin sister.' She thought that as the bulge still got hard despite her thoughts in her head. Meanwhile, Meloetta was washing her face in the mirror. She adjusted her hair so it was well. Soon she walked out and saw her sister was still in bed. "Hm?" She made a sound in confusion of why she's back in bed. "Come on, it's time to get up." "Um sure, just give me 5 minutes." Meloett requested. "Fine." The Aria sister said as she headed for the door. The Pirouette smiles when she got that response and tries to calm down. Her sister turned to give her some time alone.
Meloett goes up after she's gone and looks at her harden shaft. The pirouette sighs at how to deal with the situation. 'Should I ask Meloetta to help?' She shook her head. "She's my sister. I could never as that of her." 'So that's the problem." came Meloetta's voice right beside her.
she gasp and went to cover herself. "Sis, I've known all these years." Meloett looks shocked. "What do you mean?" "I can feel the times you rubbed it against my ass when we were sleeping." "What? I did no such thing!" Meloett said defensively "Oh? So my butt isn't hot?" retorted her sister. Meloett looked shocked at her response. "Well if that's how you think, than I guess I can't help you." she faked pouted turning away from her sister. "I mean, of course your pretty." She admits to her sister."Oh sure. You say that after I said I would help, but no. Clearly you want someone else to help you." she dismissed walking away.
"Meloetta wait." She staid trying to stop her. "Yes?" responded her sister. "I'm sorry if I insulted you. I got confused of the situation." She admitted. "So? Am I Right?" Meloett look confused. "About what really?" She ask. "About my butt." Meloetta said, getting close to her. She blushes at her words, but she does nod her head looking away. "Just what I needed to hear." purred Meloetta purred holding her sister's cheeks before kissing her. She blushes as her sister kisses her quite passionately. She gasped as Meloetta grabbed a hold of her cock. She shudders at the feeling of her hands. "What are you doing?" "Just helping." she grinned before kissing her sister's neck. Meloett looks nervous, her body shivering from embarrassment. Her sister soon began to rub her hand over her hard cock. "Haah." She sighs from her soft touch. "So you're not bothered by this? You're not disgusted?" He ask in disbelief. "Of course not. You're my cute sister." she grinned before kissing her on the forehead. "But we're siblings. So why?" She said staring at her. Meloetta smiles. "Because I love you Meloett." She said with a smile. Meloett blushed before Meloetta claimed her lips again. Though this time she started to went along with her, kissing her back and hugging her body.
Meloett went even to place her hands on her sister's rear. Feeling how soft they were caused her cock to feel even harder. Meloett even squeezes them to get a feel for them, getting a moan from her sister. "Let's see if it'll fit." whispered her sister in a husky tone. Fit where?" Meloett ask. "My pussy." she whispered. Meloett blushed at her words as she moves so that the Aria's on her back with her sister on top. "Are you sure?" asked Meloett. Her sister smiles as she whispers. "Yes. I want you inside. Please take me." She sounds like she's slightly begging for it. Meloett swallowed her nerves as she rubbed the tip of her cock against the wet pussy lips. Taking a breath, the herm push along the entrance, seeking entry into her sister.
Meloetta groaned at feeling her sister start to enter her. It easily tore through her hymen as she was stunned at the thickness. Meloett sees her in tears and hugs her softly and tenderly. Meloetta slowly began to feel the pain fade away and nodded her head. "I'm okay Meloett. You can go again." Meloett nod and started to slowly slide back and forth in her, Meloetta gripped the bed as a race for pleasure came up from each thrust. The pirouette moans softly as she buries her head to her sister's chest and licks her breast. Meloetta moaned as her sister continued her thrusts while licking her breasts.
Meloett trails her licking from her breast to her neck to her face as she increases her pace. Meloetta couldn't believe how much stamina her own twin had. The pirouette came to her flushed face and kisses her deeply. Both sister's shared the kiss as Meloett was beginning to lose it. Meloett can feel her limit coming as she tries to pull out. She was surprised to feel Meloetta's legs wrapped around her waist, keeping her inside.
Meloett tries to push them off her, but finds they're like vicegrips. "I'm very c-close." She said. "Inside!" cried out her sister. "You might get pregnant if I do that." She warned her. "I don't care! Cum inside!" she begged. Meloett went and kisses her as she does what she said. She pushed in as deep as possible and moaned as her cock twitched and shot out her seed. Meloetta moan out as her sisters seed flow through her. It was a lot more than she thought as her belly start to become a little bloated. Luckily it lessened although she was left quite bloated.
Both panted from their orgasms. "That..was..amazing." Meloett admitted through pants "Me too. You were amazing, my beautiful sister." She said hugging Meloett. Both of them shared another kiss as Meloetta grinned at feeling her sister's dick come back to life. "Again?" She ask her as she feels it harden. "Yup." The herm twin said "What do you want to do?" Meloetta ask "Sleep." she replied laying down on the bed. Meloett smiles as she lay back to nap as well, her twin still inside her.
Timeskip 3 months
Meloetta was moaning as she bounced on her twin's cock with a glazed look on her face. Meloett thrust upwards to pleasure her twin as her next climax closes in. "Inside! Inside!" moaned Meloetta in lust. "Of course." The pirouette said as she let loose her orgasm. Meloetta cried out at feeling another load fill her pussy. Meloett gave all she had before stopping and taking a breath. Meloetta let her tongue hang out as her face looked like a slut's as her stomach was shown to be larger than normal. Meloett places her hands on her sister's belly, rubbing it softly. "What do you want it to be? A boy, girl, or both?" Meloett ask. "I don't care. I'll give birth to all your children, just never stop fucking me!" she moaned. "Sure thing my sweet sister." Meloett said as he hugs her sister affectionately as she still thrust into her slowly.


Female Bayleef X Male Empoleon

Female Bayleef X Male Empoleon
The Bayleef went into heat, and turns to the only male pokemon she can trust.

* * *

It was a lovey morning in the flower field in the springtime as a grass type was walking and smelling the scents. This was Bayleef. She enjoyed the scent of flowers and nature all around her as much as any grass type does. But she sensed something in the wind.
"What's that?" She ask herself as she tries to recognize it. It smelt sweet, but had a warmth to it. For some reason, it smelled familiar. 'Oh no, mating season!' she thought.
As she made that realization, her face flushed red and her body heated up. "This is bad." she muttered.
She was aware what the trouble mating season can bring to female pokemon. It meant any female could run into the wrong male who would't hesitate to screw her.
"What do I do?" She ask herself in a panic as try to think of ways to get through this. She could either hide out and deal with it on her own. Or she could find someone she knew was trustworthy. When she thought of that, one pokemon came to her mind.
"Empoleon!" She cried out. Empoleon was a friend she made few years ago, he's the one pokemon who can help her.. She turned and ran towards her friend's house. She tried to avoid trouble as best she can. She made sure to stay out of sight as she spotted his pond. "Please be here, Please be here." She said as she approaches the pond.
There on his back floating was none other than her friend. "Empoleon?" She cried out to him. "Yeah Bayleef?" he responded seeing her. "I have a 'problem' and I need your help." She said with a blush.
"What do you mean?" He ask her. "I..It's hard to say." She said lookng away with a blush.
"Than how can I help?" She sighs as she decides to tell him. "I'm...I'm in heat." She confessed. "Oh boy." he sighed. "I know. I need someone to help me deal with the urges." She said looking at him. "Sure." She smiles at his answer. "Thank you." He swam to the edge and pulled himself out of the water. She blushed at the sight of his slick body covered in water.
"So, you need my help? She nods. "So how you want to do it?" She ask. "Well, you could use your mouth." Bayleef blush as she went to his semi-hard shaft and started licking it. Empoleon hissed while putting his hands on her head. She looks up at him as he starts to push her head onto his cock, slipping it into her mouth.
She tried to relax her throat as he pushed more and more of himself into her. He stop halfway before moving back then he push back into her. Her mouth was nice and hot around his dick as she tried to bob her head. Empoleon uses one of his fins to reach to her clit. She gasped, but kept up her bobbing. He smiled as he starts to rub the sensitive folds, feeling the swollen area pulse.
He slips his cock out of her mouth. "That was good, but I'm sure you're needed somewhere else." She nodded and hesitantly turned around. Empoleon blushes at the sight of her winking folds. 'Wow. Hot.' He thought as he stares at it He couldn't resist as he puts it face to it and starts eating her out. "AAH!" gasped Bayleef at feeling his tongue. He smiles as he dives his tongue deeper, tasting her sweet juices inside her. She had a hard time staying on her legs as he didn't relent.
He feels she's lubed enough so he backs out and climbs on top of her. "This might hurt." Bayleef shudders at the warning. She takes a deep breath to prepare herself. Empoleon lined his cock up with her pussy before pushing forward. She gritted her teeth as the tip begins spreading her pussy lips apart, gaining entry into her. Empoleon groaned as he reached her hymen.
"Prepare yourself." He said as he slid back a bit then push forward hard, tearing through her hymen. "AAAH!" she cried out. He stop after passing to slide into her gently, going to her neck and licking it softly to comfort her.
She bit her lip to try and muffle her screams. He exits slowly and gently, and push back in also slowly and gently to lessen her pain. She starts to relax a bit as she gets use to the length and starts to moan a bit. Hearing this, He thrust back and forth into her gently and passionately, nuzzling his cheek to hers. Soon the pain faded and pleasure took over.
She starts to moan sweetly at his thrust as she release a sweet fragrance around them. It hit his nose and made him go faster. She moans louder as feel him tighten his arms around her waist. "It's amazing!" he groaned. "Yeah, me too." She said looking at him with a face was bright red as she stutters. "You can go faster." He grinned and gripped her hips as he began to slam into her pussy faster than before. She gasp as the pleasure increases as he goes faster.
"I don't think I can stop." groaned the water type. "I don't mind." She said softly as she gets closer to her limit. He felt his dick start to twitch before pushing in and shooting his seed inside her. She murrs out as he reaches his climax as well. The orgasm was so intense that she passes out in bliss, a smile on her face as a warm feeling spread through her body.
(2 hours later.)
She slowly began to wake up from the small nap her body put her in. She let out a little yawn as she looks at her surroundings. She saw she was next to the pond as Empoleon was sleeping beside her. She smiles as she gets up to take a drink of water. She lapped at the water as Empoleon began to wake up.
He groans getting up as he looks to see her up as well. "Did we pass out?" he asked. She turns to him when he ask that question. "Seems like it. It was quite a experience for both of us." She said. "I'll say." he grinned. "What's with that smile?" She ask him. "You're glowing." he pointed out.
Her eyes widen as she looks over body to see that it's true. Her body began to grow as her neck got longer. The buds on her neck bloom around her, turning into petals and her skin turn light green. Soon the glowing died down. She couldn't believe her eyes as she just evolved into a Meganium.
"You look beautiful." complimented her friend. "Uh..Um...Thank you." She said blushing from his words. He managed to stand up and walked over before hugging her. She shook for a bit, then relax and wraps vines around his body. "Thank you for helping me out." "No problem." The two share a hug for some time as they enjoyed the company of the other.


Josh, Juley, Eric, and Gwen

Josh (male rapidash), Juley (female zebsrtika), Eric (male houndoom), Gwen(female Zoroark)
Eric and his mate Gwen goes to visit his old friend Josh and his mate Juley. After a while they are caught in a cloud of sweet scent from a group of nearby vilepume who got startled by their presence and the sweet scent makes them very lusty.
Contains creampies, double virginal penetration, double virginal penetration creampies , blowjob ,Lactation, titjobs, cervix entering, stomach deform, Bukkake.

* * *

The breeze was blowing along the leaves off the tree branches as a Houndoom and a Zoroark was walking down a path. "So Eric, you think they're going to be there?" The Zoroark, Gwen ask her mate Eric. "I talked to them yesterday. They'll be there." He said as they walked on. They soon approached the meeting place where their friends were waiting. "Hey Josh, Juley good to see you're here." Eric said greeting them. The Rapidash, Josh smiled. "Of course we would be here." Josh the Rapidash said. "Now that we're all together, what's the plan for today?" Juley the Zebsrtika ask them as she greeted them as well. "Well I got these picnic baskets if they tell you any idea." Eric said as he holds the baskets in his mouth. "Yeah, we can do that." Josh and Juley said with a smile.
They nod their heads and Josh took one of the baskets and they started walking down a lovely field. "It's not much further now." Eric said as he leads them to the place. Juley suddenly smiles s she said, "Race you the that hill!" She cried out as she starts to run off to the direction of the hill. The others chuckle as they run to catch up to her. "Ahaha, you gotta do better than that." She called out as she looks back that them. They start to run faster until figures with large flowers on their heads. "Juley stop!" Josh cried out, but it was too late as Juley collided into the Vileplume group. The others turn towards their fallen companion and cried out in surprise. "Wait, we're sorry. We didn't see you all there." Eric tried explaining to them, but the plant types cried out as pink smoke flows from their heads and surrounding the group. Then the Vileplumes ran in the direction away from the group.
Eric and the others smell in the intoxicating scent they're in. They start to pant and moan from the smell as they don't realized the scent was making them horny. When the cloud cleared up, they were finally able to see each other. "Is everyone all right?" Eric ask while taking a look at all three. He blushed when he realized that Josh had huge hard on and the girls were dripping behind them. "Y-yeah, I'm alright. A little horny though." Gwen said lustfully. "You're not the only ones." Josh and Juley said together as the Rapidash was licking the Zebsrtika sensually. 'It'll be awkward if we have a picnic looking like this.' Eric thought as he looks at gwen with a hungry look. "We better take care of this problem then." He said as he approaches Gwen. "Yeah, but you know, I could go for something new," She started while looking at Josh and Juley. "Ya'll interested in a foursome?" Gwen cried out. All three gave a wide grin at her, signaling they're into it.
Eric look at Gwen's D cup breast as he lunges onto her tacking onto the ground. He climbs over her and sandwiches his canine cock in her breast, which Gwen responds by squeezing them together as she lick around the tip. Juley and Josh were next to them, Josh mounting on top of the Zebsrtika, quickly lining up his cock and thrusting quickly, entering her cunt all the way to the hilt. Juley let out a loud neigh as the fire type thrust back and forth in rapid succession. Juley push back to his thrust, getting his tip to enter the electric types cervix. They both moan out as they both hit their climax, Josh filling her womb with his virile seed.
Eric had enough with Gwen's breast and move back so his cock was at her pussy entrance. Without warning, he thrust his cock into her, all the way to the hilt. Gwen moans in pleasure as she clenches her vagina muscles around his cock as he thrust back and forth fast. After some time, his thrust becomes shorter as his knot starts to form. After the third thrust which makes it stop entering, Eric thrust hard into her, sealing his knot in her cunt. Gwen cries out in pain and pleasure as the knot brought her orgasm to her. Eric soon howls out loud as he fills her with his sperm.
30 minutes passed and Eric's knot shrinked small enough to exit Gwen's pussy. He slips out as a bit of seed leaks out of her pussy. They turn to see Josh and juley going at it again, with Juley sucking him off. "Mind we switch spouses?" Eric ask. Josh finishes his climax in her mouth as he said. "Oh yeah." With that, they soon switched and Eric got on to Juley's front. "Seems you're good with your mouth. I like a try." Juley opens her mouth and takes in his canine cock. She bobs back and forth, slurping up the duel type's length, while the fire type plays with the dark types tits. Both cried out as they reach their climaxes. Eric looks at her butt and got a idea. "Hey Josh?" Said Rapidash turns to Eric. "Think she can fit two?" He ask with a grin on his face.
lt was a little rough at first, but Eric laid on the ground with the Zebsrtika over him and the Rapidash over her. They lined their cocks to her pussy and and thrust in, both entering her with a moan as she cried out from the intense pleasure. They thrust at he same time, making all three moan out until they both hit a climax, they both spilling their seeds into her. Juley's stomach swelled from the amount. They recovered and done the same to Gwen.
2 sex-filled hours later.
Gwen and Juley were laying on the ground, cum under them, leaking out of them, and on them, with the males cumming on them as they do this. Soon the males collapses on to them panting quick from the long bout of sex. "Man, that was the best!" Eric said with a smile. "Definitely." They all said. Josh look at all of them and said. "Maybe we should postpone the picnic for another day." They all agreed as they got up and headed back the direction they came from, all planning a long shower when they get home.
4 months later.
Gwen was lying on the bed, her breast leaking with milk as her twins crawl up to her and latched on them, sucking the milk out. One was a hybrid of Eric and her, but the other had Josh's traits on them, implying he's the father of them. "Well we did had that bout." Eric said cuddling with her and the twins. "Hey." A voice spoke out and they turn to see their friends with two kids with them, both hybrids and one carried the trait of Eric. "Even though this happened, it was rather fun." Juley said with a smile. "I got to agree." Gwen said. Josh grinned wide as he ask. "Would you like to do it again in the future?" He ask. Eric chuckles, "That'll be great. What do you two say." They both nod their heads with the same grin.


Blade(F Oshawott) x Petal(F Chikorita)

Blade(F Oshawott) x Petal(F Chikorita)
Blade was attacked by a Pawniard who was intending to rape her, but a Chikorita named petal came to rescue her and gave her a place to stay to recover. Blade finds out Petal has a problem and Petal ask to help her out.

* * *

A slight breeze brushed the leaves off the trees in the forest as Blade, a teen Oshawott walks through. She was enjoying a peaceful walk through a woods until a snap sounded behind her. She turned around, but doesn't see anyone. She shrugs it off and continued walking. The snaping noise was heard again, this time to the front of her.
'I know someone's here.' she thought that as she stop. "All right, I know you're there, just come out." She said, trying to stay calm. A voice chuckles. "Well if you insist." With that, it went out of the bush it was hiding, revealing to be a Pawniard. " I saw your nude body walking through this forest, and I gotta say, you're such a cutey." He said with as smirk as his shaft was twitching. Blade was feeling uncomfortable from the steel/dark types words. "Sorry, but I'm not interested." She said as she tries to walk around him.
The Pawniard suddenly grabs her and pushes her on the ground on the back. "Hey now, no need for that. I just wanna have fun." He said perversely as he uses his blades to shave off her upper body fur coat, showing her naked body with small breast. "Haah!" She cried out in surprise, "No! Stop!" She cried out as she tried to shake him off. He held her down as he lines his shaft of to her pussy. "Don't worry, you'll enjoyed it." He said with a lustful smirk.
Suddenly, he was knocked away by green vines hitting him. "Leave her alone." A female voice spoke. Blade turns around to see a Chikorita behind her. She launches herself to the Pawniard, the two started fighting. Soon, the duel type fell to the ground, unconscious. The grass type went to the down Oshawott. "Are you alright?" She ask. She wasn't paying attention to what she's doing as she was over the water type and it glances down at the chikorita's lower legs, seeing her slit open to her view. The Chikorita gasp as she backs away, closing her legs. "Did..Did you noticed anything?" Chikorita ask. Blade shakes her head, "N-No...?" She said, her face flushed.
Chikorita was flushed as well, but then turn to hear the Pawniard groaning, starting to get up. Chikorita gasp and said, "We'll talk later, now we need to get out of here!" She said urgently as she picked her up and covered her with her head leaf and ran off away from the Pawniard.
Soon as she lost the Pawniard, the Chikorita headed off to her cave. Taking a breath, she places the Oshawott. It was very well hidden, so she's rarely disturbed. She looks at Blade to see that while she's not hurt, her body is covered in dust. "Here, let me help you clean up." The Chikorita offered as she takes a cloth and cleaned off her back.
"Thanks for helping me back there before. My name is Blade." Blade introduces herself. "Nice to meet you. My name is Petal." The Chikorita, Petal introduces herself, then she notices that Blade seems a little young. "Why aren't your parents with you?" Petal ask her. Blade saddens a bit before saying. "I don't have any. They died saving me from a forest fire." She explained. Petal gasp from her answer. "I'm sorry I asked. My parents abandoned me when I was young." Petal told her. "That's terrible. I'm sorry Petal." Blade said sadly, looking down. "It surprised me by your answer, because it seems we're quite alike." Petal said to her. Blade looks at her. "Yeah you're right." They put up a small smile.
Blade looks down to her bare skin with her bare breasts and slit showing and covers them. "Blast! It'll take days for it to grow back." She said embarrassed. Don't worry, you can stay here until they're back to normal." Petal said assuring her. Blade looks at her. "Really?" "Yes, I don't mind. In fact, I could use some company." Blade was so happy that she tackle Petal into a hug. Petal giggled at her antics, then something happened that shocked her completely, Blade went to her face and kissed her on the lips. Blade opened her eyes to find that she's kissing her. Her eyes widen as she pulls away from her. "I-I'm sorry, I didn't know what came over me. It's just that.. I found you very pretty." Blade's face turns red after the confession.
Petal turns red as well as she said. "Well I may have a answer to that. You see when we first met, I was actually in heat." Blade blushes at that. "Oh." Blade replied with a blush. "Is that part of the reason why you ask me to stay?" Petal nods. "I could use your help dealing with this." Petal ask seductively, even opening her legs revealing her slit for her. Blade can smell different types of flowers radiating from her. She was intoxicated by it and turned to be positioned by it with her folds to petal. She takes a quick lick at it, finding the taste amazing. She starts licking it slowly, getting a moan from Petal as she puts her face to Blade's opening and start licking it as well. Blade moans out from the pleasure she's feeling as she starts to go deeper in her.
Blade kept this up and then started to want more of this, so she stops and moved so their slits are together. "What's this?" Petal said bashful. "Wanted to see your cute face." Blade answers her as she started to grind her pussy alongside Petal's, getting a moan out of both of them. Petal makes two vines and wrap them both together, bringing them close. Both grind faster after being tightly hugged as they soon started getting close to their orgasm. Petal and Blade put their face together and started to kiss. Their tongues intertwine with each other as they both reach their climax, spraying the others lower body.
Blade stays on top of her, smiling in each others embrace. They start to feel tired as they talk. "That was amazing." Blade said to her. "Yeah, me too." Petal then thought of something. "Um Blade, do you have any place to call home." "I sometimes stay in a hotel, but no place to call home." Blade answered. "Why?" "Well since you don't, maybe you could stay here and...be with me?" Petal ask shyly. "Blade's face turns red. "Are..you asking me to-" "Stay with me..as my mate?" She finishes her with a smile. Blade starts to form tears in her eyes as as hugs her tight. "I would be happy to be your mate." She answers her. The two share a kiss as they close their eyes to sleep, their pussies still touching each other.


Luna(M Umbreon) X Tsuka(M Mightyena)


Luna(M Umbreon) X Tsuka(M Mightyena)
Luna and Tsuka are brothers who had been separated since they were young. They had fell for each other but had to repress the feelings after finding they were related, but he way others act towards Luna and Tsuka's jealousy causes him to act on his feelings.

* * *

"Tsuka!" cried an Eevee trying to push past an adult Umbreon. "Luna!" cried a Poochyena being held back by an adult Espeon. The two tried to reach each other as the adults move away each other. Both young pokemon crying out for the other. "Why? Why are you doing this?" Luna ask the Espeon. "It's for your own good." replied his mother. "I don't understand." He said in tears. "You'll understand when you're older." spoke his father as they pulled the two brothers away farther. The two kept crying as they continued to become distant to each other.
(8 years later.)
Luna sighed as he picked up the last berry before winter came by. He places it into his bag as he starts to walk back where he came from. It was a lone wood cabin he had purchased not long ago. He enters and lays on his bed to relax. His birthday just passed making him 14 now. A lot had happened since that event years ago. "I wonder how Tsuka is doing?" Luna said as he looks over his Umbreon body.
It had little muscle on it, but it still seemed lithe and petite compared to most guys he was around. He's not ashamed though, he not a fan of working out like all the other males. But it seemed like he also got the attention of most of the girls around here."What's it about me they like?" He ask himself as he rolled on his side and looked at the photo of him as an Eevee with his Poochyena brother next to him. "I hope you're okay Tsuka." he said to himself as he picks it up and brought it to him.
That's when he heard a knock at the door."I wonder who that could be?" He said as he got up and walked to the door. He opened the door and was immediately pulled into a bear hug. "Wha-" He gets out as he tries to get out of his grip. "Luna! It's been years!" cried a mature voice. Luna starts to relax a bit, "Wait! That voice..." He said as he looks to the pokemons face. There hugging him was a tall and athletic looking Mightyena. "T-Tsuka?" He said in disbelief. "Course it's me!" chuckled the Mightyena. "Hi- How did you find me?" He ask starting to smile. "I just asked around if a cute Umbreon lived around here." "Hey, what's with that?" He ask with a blush on his face. "What? You're not cute?" he asked in confusion. "I mean, I guess you could say I'm cute, but it was just so sudden." He said. "Come on. You can show me around." he grinned hugging Luna against his chest. "Um, okay sure." He said as he moved back and walked around with Tsuka.
Tsuka followed as Luna walked through where the neighborhood pokemon resided in. "This is where I stay. It's abundant with berry trees and rivers. It's a place surrounded in nature." "Hey Luna!" greeted an elder Noctowl. Luna turned to see the bird type looking at him. "Hey." He said. "Yo Luna!" called an Alakazam walking past them. "Hey." He said again. "You're real popular." chuckled Tsuka. "Something like that." Luna said not amused at the words. "What? Oh I see. Got yourself a girlfriend." grinned Tsuka. "No." He said flatly. 'Good.' thought Tsuka who noticed a Flaffy nearby smile and giggle while looking at Luna. Luna turned his head away from the Flaffy as they walked. Tsuka also noticed some of the guys seem to also look at Luna with lust. He didn't take any of them very seriously as they walked to the pond and sit at the bench.
"So, anything new?" asked Luna. "The place I live in is the opposite of this." Tsuka explained. "Really?" "It's a plain town, no trees, no forest like this place." He said. "That sounds boring." remarked Luna. "It certainly sounds like it, but it's not that bad to be honest." Commented Tsuka. "Hey Luna." He turns to see a female Delcatty walking towards them. "Hey Cindy." smiled Luna. "You're not seeing anyone right? Wanna hang out?" She ask. Before he could answer, Tsuka beat him to it. "He actually seeing someone." He said to her. "What?" responded Luna and Cindy. "Yeah you were just starting to tell me, right Luna?" Tsuka said to him. "Uh, sure?" his brother responded in confusion. "What's this pokemon like?" She ask. "He likes to keep an eye on Luna." replied Tsuka, barely keeping himself from growling at Cindy. Luna starts to wonder why he's acting like this a he kept talking. "So it's better if you just keep walking." She raise a eye as she turns around and walk away.
"Why did you tell her that?" asked Luna. Tsuka looked around a bit. "Let's talk somewhere private." He requested. Both of them got up as they headed back to Luna's cabin. "So we're here, what's with that stunt before?" He ask him. His reply came in the form of Tsuka hugging him to his chest while noticing something poking him. Luna gasp at the feeling while also blushing at the feeling of his cock on his belly. "I've seen the way those sluts and bastards stare at you." growled Tsuka. "I act coldly to them to give them a hint, but they still go after me. I don't understand why." "Because you're amazing. You're shy, small, and so addicting." he whispered licking at Luna's neck. "I...I suppose I am quite the pokemon." Luna said with a blush. "And it's been too long since the last time we were this close." he whispered lightly biting Luna's ear while trailing his hands down his belly."It truly was." He said as he shudders from his touch. Soon Tsuka began to focus on rubbing Luna's sheathe while sliding his cock in between Luna's butt cheeks.
Luna begins to moan softly as his brother touches his shaft and rubs his own between his cheeks. "Wh-what are you doing?" he ask. "I want to feel your mature ass after so long." he growled as he felt Luna's penis start to come out. Luna tries to speak, but he's too embarrassed to say anything as his brother takes the lead. Tsuka kept rubbing up his brother's length while moving his shaft in and out of his butt cheeks.
Luna starts to become warm from his actions. "I'm... I'm feeling rather hot." He admitted. "Good." whispered Tsuka in a husky tone before he turned and captured Luna's lips while moving his hand up and down his length. "Mmm" Luna moans out as he feels his warm body close to his as their tongues intertwined with each other. Tsuka lifts Luna up and places him onto the bed on his back. "Now it's time to take responsibility." he grinned showing Luna his hard cock. He shudders as he stares at the thick meat, the smell wafting to his nose. He felt his body get even hotter as Tsuka brought it up to his lips. Luna opens his mouth to let him slowly take in his cock. "Fuck! I forgot how tight your mouth was." he groaned. Luna blushed as he said that as he licks it it. Luna closes his eyes dreamily as he recalls the moment.
(Flashback.)
Luna giggled as Tsuka was lightly licking his belly. "Stop it, that tickles." He cried out as he tries to get him to stop. "I don't wanna." grinned Tsuka before he began to go down. Luna kept laughing as his brother went down lower. Soon though he began to feel warm. "What the?" He ask himself as the warming increases. He let out a moan as Tsuka was sucking on something between his legs. "Whatever it is you're doing Tsuka, don't stop." He said softly as he relax and enjoys it. Tsuka bobbed his head up and down his brother's pink member with gusto. "Ahh!" He cries out from the amazing pleasure he's feeling. Tsuka heard that and began to suck harder. Luna's body tremble as he can feel something building within. "Something's coming!" moaned Luna. Tsuka hears this, but wasn't prepared as something starts flowing into his mouth. He pulled back as white stuff shot out Luna's penis. It goes on for a moment before it stops, leaving Luna panting. "What...was that?" panted Luna. "I don't know it was salty." Tuska said.
"So what do you want to do now?" Luna ask him. "I want to try my own out." he grinned showing his throbbing member. Tsuka climbs on to of him, positioning his cock to Luna's face. "Wait, my butt feels weird." moaned Luna. "What do you mean?" "Like, it wants to be filled." You mean I stick this in you that way?" "Yeah." "Okay then." he said as he position himself to be where his penis was at his butt. Luna gulped as Tsuka began to push in. "Ah!" He cries out in pain as it slowly enters him. "Sorry." "It's okay." he said shakily as he tries to endure it.
Tsuka was amazed at how warm and tight his brother's ass held onto his dick. He held onto his brother snugly as he slowly thrust back and forth into him slowly. Luna let out soft moans at how warm his butt felt. "Oohh." He moans as the pain turns into pleasure. Tsuka began to move his hips a little bit faster. "This..This is..amazing." Luna gets out through moans as he nuzzles his head to his brothers neck. Tsuka smiled and held up Luna's legs before he began to go faster. "Wow" Luna said as he felt the same feeling building again. "I feel it too." groaned Tsuka. Both let out loud moans as the feeling becomes too much to bare. Both grunted as Luna shot his seed in the air while Tsuka's filled his ass. The two pant from the experience as Tsuka lays on top of him. "Can we...do that again?" panted Luna. "Anytime you like." Tsuka responded. Luna smiled before Tsuka leaned down and captured his lips.
(Flashback end)
Luna's eyes form tears form the pleasant memory as he continues sucking him off. Tsuka groaned as he held Luna's head there as his dick twitched. He flinches a bit as his brother climax, spilling his seen in Luna's mouth. "Damn. Never get tired of that." panted Tsuka. Luna swallows down all he gave him. "Me neither. Anything else you want to do?" "Oh yeah." grinned Tsuka before he got off the bed and flipped Luna on his belly before lining his cock up with his ass. Luna gasp at his action as he feels him on top of him. 'It's been a long time since I had this.' "Get ready." grinned Tsuka as he began to slide the head in.
Luna moans out as his brother's shaft slides into his ass. 'Damn this is tight.' thought Tsuka. Luna moans out as he grips the sheets on the bed. Tsuka growls out low as he grips Luna's neck with his mouth, pricking him, but not causing serious injury as he kept up the thrusting. Luna moaned from the sudden bite and couldn't help but let out a high squeak of pleasure. "Aw, Tsuka." Luna said dreamily as he moans in pleasure. Tsuka felt himself get harder as he flipped Luna over and claimed his lips before he pounded away at his ass. He moans as he was turned around and kissed again, but Tsuka's rushed movements causes his claws to scrape Luna's sides, getting a yelp from him. Luna though didn't feel pain and instead felt his thrusts get deeper and rougher. They separated the kiss as Luna ask, "You must've really wanted this huh?" "Ever since we were separated, I never forgot." smiled Tsuka as he kept thrusting while looking at Luna in the eye. "Tsuka." he said softly as he stares into her eyes as well. "Luna." he whispered back. They then kissed again, more passionately as their limits closes in on them. Tsuka was hitting in the right angle and ended up hitting Luna's prostate.
Luna moans out as he sprays his seed onto Tsuka. Tsuka howled as his cock twitched and shot his seed in him. Luna shudders as his warm seed flows into his body. Tsuka laid down on top of Luna's body to try an catch his breath. Luna started to chuckle all of the sudden. "What is it?" asked Tsuka. "We were young at the time so we didn't understand what we were doing, but we just took each other's virginities when we were kids. It's kinda funny." Luna answers. "Yeah, it is." chuckled Tsuka. "So Tsuka, after this, what are you going to do?" he ask curiously. "Not sure. Maybe tell your neighbors you belong to me." he teased. "You mean, like we're mates?" he said seductively. "Hell yeah." he growled hugging Luna close to him. "Sure, I'll be there with you." he said as he licks his cheek.
Luna then thought about his parents words. "Now I knew what our parents meant." "What?" Tsuka ask him what he mean. "Guess they knew we care about each other like that, makes sense why they tried to separate us." "Didn't work." chuckled Tsuka. "Nope." he said as he starts to feel tired all of the sudden. "Just remember. As soon as your back on your feet, I'm gonna fuck your brains out." he growled holding him close. "I'll try to wake up soon then." he said as he closes his eyes to sleep.


Kasai(M Typhlosion) x Maria(F Gardevoir)

Kasai (M Typhlosion) x Maria (F Gardevoir) (Mystery Dungeon AU)
Kasai meets a Gardevoir and saves her, then she joins him on his exploration team. Soon their feelings blossom into more than just partners.

* * *

The sun was starting to go down as Kasai walks down a path towards the exploration guild. He was a Typhlosion who's a expert exploration team of himself. "Whew, glad that mission's over and done with." he said as he fixes the scarf around his neck, "I going to enjoy this moment to relax and-" he couldn't finish as he heard a loud cry. "What was that?" he thought as he went into a run.
He comes to see a Gardevoir being chased by a group of Pinsirs. One of the attackers strike it knocking the psychic type down. "Now that we have you, how about we take your money pouch shall we?" the one in front said menacingly as the other three closes in behind him. "P-Please leave me alone." The Gardevoir spoke with a female voice. "Like there's anyone here who can stop us." the pinsir said. "How about me?" Kasai speaks out loud for them to hear. They turn to see the Typhlosion behind the Gardevoir. "How about you mind your business hot head." The leader said insulting. You do know bug types are weaker than fire right?" Kasai said. "Of course, but your alone while I have backup. Get em boys." With that they go all over Kasai.
After the final attack, the final Pinsir landed next to the other unconscious Pinsirs. Kasai pants at the battle wasn't as easy as he thought it would be at first, but it still wasn't too much trouble. He turns his attention to the down Gardevoir. "Are you all right?" He ask her. "I'm okay, just a bit hurt." She said honestly. He nods and reached into his bag and takes out a oran berry and gives it to her. "Thank you." she said as she eats it and shudders a bit feeling it's effect. He offers a hand to her and she takes it, but stumbles when she gets up. "Ouch!" she looks to her left ankle. "I-I must've broke it when I was trying to escape." With that, Kasai picks her up in his arms. "Here I'll take you to Treasure Town to get you help." She was shocked at the sudden gesture. "Um... Thank you." She said as he started walking.
Kasai walked down the path looking around to make sure no trouble comes their way. "Thank you again for helping me. That was very brave of you." she smiles at him. "Your welcome." He smiles at her words. "My name is Maria, nice to meet you." "I'm Kasai, nice to meet you too." It wasn't then until Maria saw the kind of bag he was holding. "You're a member of the explorers guild are you?" she ask. "Yes that's right. I was there when I was a Cyndaquil training." He explained. "That's amazing." She smiles as she becomes drowsy from his warmth. She falls asleep in his arms as Kasai smiles as he walks.
(The next day.)
Kasai was in treasure town, gathering supplies before heading towards the guild to receive some new assignments when his thoughts turn to Maria. 'I wonder how she's recovering?' He thought as he goes to Blissey's station. (She's a doctor as well as a egg caretaker in this story.) He enters to see Blissey with the Gardevoir. "How is she?" Kasai ask her in concern. "Oh she's fine. It wasn't anything serious." Blissey said with a smile. "Now if there's any problem, you come back to me okay?" Maria nods as she and Kasai exited the tent. "Thanks to checking up on me Kasai." "No worries. Now why were you in that forest by the way?" he ask her. "Well I wanted to become a explorer so I was on my way to treasure town to join the explorers guild." Maria answers him. Kasai looks at her in surprise. She does seem capable despite that incident. "Well then, follow me." Maria looked surprise now. "Huh?" she ask. "I'll take you to the guild." he explained. She smiles as she follows her.
When she reaches the guild, Kasai brought her to the guildmaster, who didn't mind her joining and signed her with Kasai since he vouched for her. He smiled as he accepts Maria as a partner. Together they traveled to different locations like giant volcanoes, frigid mountains, deep forest. Kasai smiled, enjoying the prospect of having a partner to go on adventures with.
"6 months later."
"Ahh the breeze feels great." Maria said as she walks into their base to see that Kasai is not there. "Kasai? Where are you?" Maria ask looking around for anything that could indicate where he gone. She finds a letter on her bed. She picks it up and opens it. "Meet me at the beach. I have something to tell you. Kasai." Maris looks shocked at the contents at the letter and goes to the beach like it said.
She arrives to the beach to see the Typhlosion there like it said. She walks slowly to him. "Kasai, are you okay?" She ask getting Kasai's attention. "Maria, you really became something these past few months. You amazed me Maria." Maria smiles at his kind words. "Well, you were very kind to me. I made some mistakes in the past, but you stayed patient with me. I heard some treat those who don't do well pretty badly. You didn't do any of those things to me." Maria smiles as she talks. "I'm happy you became my partner." Kasai said. "Me too. You're a good friend." "Maria." Kasai turns around, revealing a rose in his hand. "I want to be more than your friend." Maria blush at the sign he's giving him. "I love you." He offers her a rose. Maria accepts it with tears in her eyes. "Kasai...I love you too. I wanted to be more than a friend too, it's just I didn't know how you felt." He kisses her and picks her up, carrying her back to the base.
Kasai places her on her bed with her on her back. They make out for some time, hugging and massaging their bodies as their actions start to turn them both on. Kasai maneuver so his shaft is at her entrance. "May I?" he ask her. Maria blushes and nods her head, "Yes please, just be gentle ok? I never had this before." Kasai nods and pushes into her slowly. He feels her hymen and hugs her before pushing past her hymen. She winces and tightens her hug as she endures the pain. He shushes her, "It's gonna be alright. It'll pass by soon." he said reassuringly.
Soon enough, the pain did pass as she starts to moan in pleasure. He starts to smile as he thrust in and out of her gently, getting moans of pleasure from her. As soon as she got used to his length, he starts to go a bit faster. "Oh Kasai." He smiles as she says his name. Kasai rubs her back slowly as he kisses her again. She feels his tongue wrap around her as she shudders from the thrusting, climaxing onto his shaft. He feels the warm fluids touch his cock as he cries out, spraying his seed into her.
They pant as they lay with each other as they recover. "That was amazing!" He snuggles up to her. "Me too." he said back as they soon feel tired. "Let's do this again as often as we can okay?" she ask him sweetly. "Anything for you." Kasai answers her as they both close their eyes to sleep.


Vines(M Servine) x Dew(F Dewott)

Vines(M Servine) x Dew(F Dewott)
Two roommates massage each other in strawberry-scented minty body oil until things get kinky.

* * *

Dew walks into her room panting. She was training outside to get herself stronger and now she's tired and sweaty. On her bed was her roomate, Vines the Servine. He was reading the newspaper when Dew came. "It looks like you were training intensely, are you ok?" Vines ask. "Yeah, I just finished training. I'm gonna take a quick shower before I rest." she said as she enters the bathroom. She discards her blue fur skirt and places it on the counter and steps into the shower turning on and adjusting water temp, and stepped in sighing from the water hitting her skin.
As Vines reads the newspaper, he hears the shower running in the bathroom. He couldn't help but imagined Dew, completely naked without her dark blue fur skirt with the water splashing on her body, rippling down around even her private parts and she fondles around her breasts and vagina as she bathes. This cause him to blush as he gets an idea of how to help her out on relaxing.
Dew steps out of the shower. She uses a towel on the counter to dry herself. When she exited the bathroom, she can smell the scent of strawberry and mint. Dew comes to see Vines rubbing the strawberry mint scented massaging oil on his hands and vines. "I was thinking I could give you a massage as a attempt to help you relax." He offered as he points to the massage table he set up.
Dew smiles as he approaches the table. "How very kind of you. I could use a massage." She said as she takes off her skirt. Vines blushed and started to drool a little at the idea of massaging Dew's nude body. Dew lays down on the table on her front. "I like you to massage my back" she tells him. He moves to her and places his hands onto her back and presses into it firmly, but not to hard to give her discomfort. "Move a little lower please?"Dew ask him. He nods and moves his hand down her body until it was at her lower area near her butt. He applies pressure at the area, getting her to moan a bit louder at his actions at she sultrily asks to massage lower. He does what she said, making his hands rub around her butt.
Dew starts to pant from the feeling of his hands on her butt. "Vines, my breast and pussy could use massaging there as well." she requested through moans. Vines smiles as he extends his vines to wrap around her body, reaching to her breast and another brushes her pussy, electing a moan from the vines touching her. He moves so he's on the table behind her, poking his cock to her rear. She giggles at his antics. "I didn't say that part needs massaging." She teases him, but also grinds back at him. "You never know where you'll need help in." he said as he begins to enter his cock into her ass.
She let out a soft moan as her rear swallows more of his cock. She then let out a gasp as on of the vines thrust into her clit. Vines sprout one more vine to tickle her clit as the other one squeezes her breast one at a time. He even places his hands on her rear and squeezes them firmly as he thrust into her slowly. "Ahh!" I guess I needed a massage inside me as well." she moans out as she pushes back on her thrust. He then increases his pace he thrust both in her ass and pussy. "Ah! Such a good masseur you are." Dew moans out. Vines lay on top of her and places his hands on her shoulders. "Thank you for the compliment. He said as he sighs as he starts to unload into her.
She moans cutely as his warm seed fills her rear. Vines turn Dew around as he hugs around her waist. "If you ever need a massage, all you have to do is ask me." Dew smiles as she said. "I'll be sure to do that." She said as the two kisses passionately on the massage table.


M Crawdaunt X F Galvantula

female Galvantula and a male Crawdaunt
"Noticing a new presence in a cave near his lake, Crawdaunt's curiosity gets the better of him. However, he gets more than he bargained for."

* * *

The sun was clear over a lake in a deep forest, A lone Crawdaunt was taking a swim in it. He usually goes for a swim in his lake that was also his home. "Nothing like a morning swim to help work your muscles hand wake you up huh?" He ask out loud in joy as he does laps. At the left of the lake was a dark cave that was uninhabited to his knowledge. He gets out of the lake to take a breath as he finishes his morning swim.
As he stretches, he stops when he felt something nearby, he turned to the cave near his lake. 'It's coming from in there.' He thought as he looks at it. He goes in there time and time to see if anyone's there, but excluding a underground river, there's no one living there. Until today it seems. "I wonder who lives there?" He ask himself as he gets up and walks into the cave without a second thought. He kept to the left side of the rushing river as he walks and moves around. Feeling still a little sleep in his eyes he goes to the river and uses his claws to get the water and splashed it on his face.
He soon started to hear a crack and gasp as the ground under him crumble and collapses, sending him into the rushing water. He struggles and groans as he tries to move in the water, but finds difficulty keeping himself from rolling around. He was able to right himself just as he sees a cut from the water view. He gulps when he knows he's nearing a waterfall to the canyon below. He struggles to reach the side of the river to get out, but unable to get a good grip. Just when he was expecting the worst, he found himself being wrapped around in a web and being dragged out of the water and onto solid ground.
He pants and coughs as he tries to catch his breath. He's still in the web, but he's thankful for not plummeting down into the abyss and looks around to see who it was that saved him. "Are you alright?" a female voice said and dropped down the ceiling, revealing itself to be a Galvantula. "Were you the the one who-" "Yes, I saw you in trouble and went to help you." He smiles as he said. "Thank you for your help. Now can you cut me out?" He ask trying to get out of her web. "Of course, but I like you to repay me first." She said as she walk towards him. "And how you want me to repay you?" He ask.
Galvantula goes until she's over her body. "Well it's mating season for me and I find you rather handsome." She said with a blush. He gasp as he turn his attention to her lower body and sees her folds dripping wet. "H-hey now, that's not the kind of help I can do." He said, trying to look stern. "You don't need to do much, just lie there and let me take care of everything." she said as she rubs his sheathe with her legs. "Hey stop this. This isn't funny!" he cried out. "But your shaft is coming out." she said as she feels his cock appearing out and she went to rubbing the length. "Ah! Ahhh!" "He moans out feeling her legs rub on his dick. "Aww, see? It seems you like this." Galvantula said teasingly.
Crawdaunt blushes as the yellow spider rubs his body. Her face went to his own face and nuzzle it, it feels her electric currents prick him a bit, but it doesn't really hurt. He was nervous, but he decided to go along with it, not like he has a choice. The Galvantula sees his reaction, "Good, now don't worry. We'll be both enjoying this." she said. With that, she moves back a bit and licked on his shaft getting a moan from him. Smiling, she opens her mouth and takes his cock in. He shudders as her warm mouth encircles around the cock. She has her eyes closed as she bobs her head up and down his shaft. Crawdaunt moans in pleasure as she gives him a blowjob.
After a little while, she lifts off his cock and move back up to him, her pussy lined up to his cock. "Now for the main event." she said with a smile as she starts to lower herself down on to him. Crawdaunt gasp from the feeling of her pussy surrounding his cock. The spider murr and grip around the crab's body with her many legs. She slowly rides him up and down his length. "Mmm, you're so thick and long." she adds with a slurred moan. "Well you're warm and tight." he confessed as he moans. "Aw thank you for the compliment." Galvantula said before going to his face and kisses him. He blushes from the action, but he smiles and kisses her back. He can feel her tongue twirling around his as she bounces higher and faster than before. He moans in her mouth as he writhes in her web. She moans as well as her actions bring her close to her climax. Soon, she moans loudly in his mouth as she climaxes, her juices pattering onto his cock, which he shudders as he lets out a moan as he climaxes, filling her womb to his fertile seed.
The two separated as Galvantula collapses onto the Crawdaunt. "That was really amazing!" he gets out through his breaths. "Me too. I loved it." she smiles as he looks at him. "I know I kinda forced you into this, but I'm happy that you enjoyed this as well. Thank you." she said as she nuzzles her head to his. She cuts her web letting him go. Before he starts walking however, she said one more thing to him. "Think we can do this again in the future?" He turns to him and smiles, "Of course." he said with a smile as he walks from the Galvantula who was smiling as well.
(3 months later)
Crawdaunt was looking up at the sky with a smile. "How you doing?" A familiar female voice sound. He smiled and turned to the Galvantula who was sporting a large belly. "I'm fine. What about you?" he ask while going to rub her belly. She smiles as she said, "I'm ok, though it's kinda hard to move when you're pregnant." she adds that lasp part as a joke. "Do you think they'll be corphishes or joltiks?" he ask curiously. She smiles again as she answers. "I would like to have a mixure of both if that's okay with you." Crawdaunt smiles. "That's not a problem with me." he said as he went to her and the two kiss each other.


Joel(M Lucario) X Annie(F Lopunny)

Joel(M lucario)X Annie(Lopunny)
Joel is the yoga instructor of Annie. She shows off how flexible she's become in a very sexy way.

* * *

It was a beautiful day outside as a Lopunny steps outside in a workout outfit. She had a blue tank top on with white shorts that hugged her slim body. She prepared the yoga mat for her and her instructer and set the tape for the workout. "Morning Annie." spoke a male voice behind her. She turns to see a shiny Lucario walking behind her. "Good morning to you Joel." Annie greeted him back. "Ready for our session?" He ask her. She stretches herself for a moment, "Ready as ever." She said with a smile. "Good." smiled the Lucario.
Joel saw the redio Annie set up for them before he arrives, so he reached down and turned on the music. "Alright, the tape all set?" He ask her. "Yep, it's set." she answers. "Now we can begin." As it plays, Joel started her with a few warm up poses to loosen up a bit. He began by stretching down to touch his toes. She goes to the same position as well. Try and hold it." he spoke. "Ok." she said as moves her body looking like she's stretching. They held it there before standing back up as Joel began to stretch out his arms. With that Annie posed the same as well.
Over the pose, Joel notices Annie doing some extra things during the posing. Such as shaking her rear at the plank position, squeezing her breast together a bit when she 'praising the sun' or whatever the position is called. He noticed her breasts squeeze between her arms as she reached up. Joel blushed a bit as he kept up with his instructing until he felt like they needed a break. "Break time." he told her as he cuts off the tape as he takes a drink from his water bottle. Annie practically guzzled her whole bottle, intentionally letting some of the water flow down her body in front of him. Joel blushed as it made her top slightly see through.
Annie spots him and smile. "What is it?" "Uh, n-nothing." he replied looking away. "Really? Your face is all red." she said seductively. "Um, it's hot. Really really hot." he replied. "I agree. It's so hot out here. Maybe I should take my shirt off" she sai as she starts to lift her shirt up. Joel blushed as he saw her supple breasts bounce starts to feel a bulge in his pants as he watches. She smiles as she caught her bulge. "Seems you enjoy the show." Joel blushed as she began to rub around the bulge. "I feel like I learned a lot from listening to your instructions." Annie purred as she rubs. "L-Like?" stuttered Joel. "The bridge pose, the crescent lunge, and the bird of paradise is my favorite one." Annie said describing different poses to him.
"There's one pose I like to show you, but it requires two people." "And, uh, that is?" "First, it requires both participants to be undress." she said as she takes off her shorts and panties. Joel blushed even brighter, but complied. She smiles at seeing his toned body and his good size shaft. She goes to her mat and lay down on it on her back. "So, what's this position?" "One partner climbs upon the other and lays over them." "Like this?" he asked crawling over her. "Exactly, not the partner on top thrust forward the the partner on bottom push backwards." she instructed. "Uh, this doesn't look like yoga." he let out a nervous chuckle. "This is a special kind of yoga." she said sweetly. He blushes a bit, but lined his cock to her pussy and thrust in slowly.
She moaned as Joel was blown away at how warm and tight it felt. He wraps his arms around her as he started to move back, then thrust back in. "AH!" she gasped as she arched her back in pleasure. Joel sighs at this. As he thrust, he feels Annie hugging around him as well. "I, uh, can't believe this is happening." muttered Joel. "I wanted this for quite some time." Annie admitted to him. "Really?" he asked in shock. "I found you very handsome and strong, and you're a very kind pokemon too." she said with a blush. Joel blushed at her description of him. He was touched. "You're pretty cute yourself." "Really?" she ask with a blush. "Yup." he nodded. She blushed as she went to his lips and kisses him. He was taken back before he gladly returned it.
He increases his thrusting as they kissed, both moaning into each other. She shudders as she feels herself getting close, so she uses her virginal muscles to squeezes around his cock. Joel groaned as he slammed inside her one last time. She groaned as well as her fluids mixed in with his as they reach her womb.
Both panted from their first ever orgasms. "So, how was the yoga technique?" she ask with a smile. "Definitely gotta try it again soon." he grinned. "I agree." she said as she gets up and gives him a hand. He takes her hands as she lets her up. "Same time tomorrow?" she ask. "Yup." he nodded. Annie smiles as she leads Joel out the door, but giving him a kiss before he leaves.


(F)Goodra x (H)White Florges

F Goodra x H (White) Florges
A Goodra gets kidnapped by a White Florges who intends to have sexual fun with her.

* * *

The sound of wind blowing through the forest as a pokemon was walking though it. The Goodra feels the breeze moved through her liquidfied body. She heard the bird pokemon singing, the river water running through the trees. It was certainly a peaceful day. As she was thinking this, she heard a snap behind her. She turned but didn't see anything. Shrugging it off, she turned to the front and kept on walking, only for something to hit her hard and strong from hehind her. She collapses onto the ground on her back, her last view was a white Florges walking towards her.
Goodra woke up sometime later. She looks around her to find out that she's in a mossy cave. She tries to get up, only to find herself unable to. She looks at her arms and legs to find out they are tied secuirely by vines in a spread eagle position. "Aww, it seems you're finally awake. I found your sleeping form rather cute." A seductive voice said. She turned to the direction of the voice to see the same White Florges to the left of her. She flinches at the sight of the fairy type, but wonders why she is covered in a familiar colored slime, but then realized she must've rubbed her body with hers, covering herself with it. W-what's going on here? Why did you kidnapped me?" she ask her kidnapper. "Don't worry. I'm not here to hurt you." she said to her, but then she took off her black leaf-like bra to reveal her F-sized breasts. "I just want to have some fun with you, that's all." she answers innocently as she licks her lips. "I'm sure you'll enjoy it as well." This makes Goodra gasp softly, nervously knowing what will happen next.
Florges then mounts herself on top of Goodra to have her left hand tickle the right side of her neck to her chin and then her right cheek while her right hand massages her pussy. Goodra gasps and moans from the Florges's actions. 'N-noo, stops this." Florges simply smirked and said. "You look so cute, even for a chubby, gooey dragon." Goodra winces on how embarrassing it is for her. Florges then has her left hand moved so they can fondle Goodra's right breast, they were a little bigger than her own as she tickles her nipples till they were erect. Goodra moan softly with her mouth wide open, which Florges uses the opportunity to kiss and tongue wrestle with her. The dragon type could hardly resist as her tongue licks around the inside of her mouth as Florges continues to finger Goodra's clit. A few moments soon, Goodra came, spraying her juices onto Florges's fingers to which she licks her cum clean. "How sweet." she told Goodra about the taste. While Goodra was panting from her orgasm, Florges started to masturbate herself. "Your face looks so cute when is completely blushing." she comments seductively as a large thick penis emerged from her vagina, hard and twitching. Goodra gasp at the sight as she sees the fairy type was a herm. "What are you going to do with that?" she ask with worry. "I'll be sticking this into your vagina, which I'll fill your womb with my warm seed." she answers with a lustful grin. Goodra, being frightened at the Fairy-type herm, yells out a long "NNNOOO~!"
Florges lies on top of Goodra, pressing her F breasts on her slightly bigger ones and wraps her arms around her neck. She lines her cock to goodra's pussy and slowly inserts her large manhood inside her. Goodra makes a sharp gasp on the large cock entering her, "Stop it's too big. Please get it out." Goodra begged the fairy type. At first, Florges seems to comply by moving out but then rams back inside her, making Goodra scream in unwilling pleasure. Oohh, Goodra, you're making me so hot inside." She moans out softly as she continued thrusting inside of Goodra, becoming lost in the world of sheer pleasure. Goodra was still asking her to stop, but she' moaning as her body shivers from pleasure. It wasn't long until she and Goodra came really hard. "It...feels so good."Goodra moans out, she doesn't care anymore but wanting more of the pleasure.
Florges smiled as she loosens her arms and legs from the vines. "All right Goodra, you can go now." she saids, not knowing her cock was still hard and connected to Goodra. The goo covered dragon sees this as an opportunity, so she tightly embraces her and rolled themselves so she was on top of Florges. Florges gasp in surprise, but doesn't seem to be angry by it. "What's going on?" Goodra seductively smiles, "I'm actually in a mood for another round. This time however, I'm the dominant one." Goodra starts to rise herself up and down Florge's cock. Florges smirked and accepts her proposal. They held hands with both arms, passionately make out as Goodra lifts herself up and down. After several minutes, they came, moaning loudly in their kiss. Goodra collapsed on top of Florges, smothering her. They were exhausted to get up yet they still felt comfortable. "Sorry for surprising you with this by the way, how about I treat us with a morning bath? I know a good hot spring nearby." Florges suggested. "It's a deal." Goodra said agreeing. The two soon went off to sleep, their breasts and nipples pressing at each other and their reproductive parts still connected inside each other.


The Swords of Justice

The Swords of Justice
Keldeo was thinking about what happened in the past when The Swords of Justice comes in and have fun with him.

* * *

Keldeo was taking a moment to walk through the forest, taking a break from training. At that moment, he was remembering what happened not too long ago. Confessing his feelings to Terrakion, the sexual intercourse, the other catching them on the act, and the joining in words. Overall, his ass never felt so sore. Despite it all, he had a smile on his face as he didn't regret a moment of it all. Course remembering it did make him hard. "Ugh, not again." Keldeo thought as he looks to see his cock hardening.
He heard a twig snap and turned to see who it is. There behind him was Virizion. "Virizion, how you doing today?" he ask with a smile. "Well I can see you're doing rather well." joked the female seeing his cock. "Yeah I am." he said with a blush on his face when she pointed it out. "Why don't we have our own training session?" she grinned with a seductive tone. "Training session?" Keldeo repeated as Virizion walked closer to him. Virizion lowered her head and captured the tip of his cock in her mouth. "Ah!" He gasp as he feels her tongue around the tip of his cock. Her mouth was easily larger than his cock. She soon got halfway in as she pulls out, then pull back in. Keldeo moaned at the blowjob. Virizion smiles as she went further all the way to the hilt. Keldeo moaned louder as that's when the other two swords walked in.
Terrakion and Cobalion smiled at seeing the scene in front of them. "Time to join in." grinned Terrakion. "Let's." Cobalion said as he walked towards Keldeo's back. Keldeo moaned as he felt something prod him from behind. He turn to see Cobalion mounting him. He positions so his cock is at his entrance of his ass Terrakion prodded Keldeo's mouth with his cock as Cobalion began to push forward. Keldeo moaned out loudly with a open mouth. "Fuck his ass is still tight!" groaned Cobalion. Terrakion smiled as he slides his shaft into Keldeo's mouth. Keldeo moaned as Virizion sped up her bobbing while Terrakion and Cobalion thrusted in and out of his mouth and ass. "You gotten better with your mouth." Terrakion groaned out at the feeling of his mouth.
The feeling of having his mouth and ass fucked while getting his cock sucked was mind blowing to him. It was all too much for him and he moans loud, hitting his climax. His dick twitched and filled Virizion's mouth with his seed. She took all he gave her before he stopped. Cobalion and Terrakion sped up their pace. Keldeo moans even louder at their actions as they shake his body. Soon they both moan out as they fill Keldeo's holes with their seeds. Keldeo could feel his small frame get filled to the brim. They both exit out of him as Keldeo had a satisfied smile on his face. "Better than last time." sighed Terrakion. "Thanks." smiled Keldeo.
"Time for round 2." grinned Cobalion to Terrakion. He nodded before they slipped out and traded spots. "One moment you two. I think keldeo should have his try at my other hole." Virizion said. Virizion turned around and rubbed her ass against his cock. Keldeo blushes at the feeling of her grinding, he climbs on to her and thrust forwards. "AH!" she moaned out. Keldeo couldn't believe how her ass feels as he went back slowly and thrust in. "You're so tight." he got out. "You're pretty big." moaned Virizion. "T-thanks." he replied with a blushed as the other two then headed to position. They prodded his mouth and ass again.
Cobalion thrust into his mouth while Terrakion pumps Keldeo's ass, which causes him to thrust into Virizion's own ass. All of them groaned around the other. "Does this feel familiar Keldeo?" teased Terrakion. "Y-Yeah!" he moaned. Keldeo's body shudders from pleasure from being stuffed by both of them. Several minutes later, all three climax in their respective holes. Keldeo felt the sperm leak out of his mouth and ass as he filled up Virizion's ass. Virizion murrs from the feeling as they all pull out and lay on the ground, panting from the orgasms.
The three cuddled alongside Keldeo as they soon become sleepy from the ordeal. "Tomorrow, same time." spoke Cobalion. "Same time?" Keldeo sounds confused. "Yup." nodded Cobalion. "W-what me and Virizion did was just at the moment, we didn't planned this?" Keldeo explained embarrassed. "So that's a no?" teased Cobalion. "Well..um.." Keldeo couldn't help but actually like what happened. "Tomorrow, same time." he said finally. "Good." the three said. The three nuzzled Keldeo as they all fell asleep.


Night(M Zoroark) X Luna(F Lopunny)

For all users guest or not, before you make a request, please read through the review tab in case your request has already been made. I will be deleting duplicates if I have any.

* * *

Night(M Zoroark) X Luna(F Lopunny.)
Night, the Zoroark, has been friends with Luna, the Loppuny, since they were kids, but they have feelings for each other. When they confess, things get frisky.

* * *

A Zorua was laying down on his back, looking at the clouds as they past by. It felt peaceful enough to where he could take a nap, and as if thinking about it even made him a bit tired, even his eyes were closing. "Night night." he muttered closing his eyes. After a little while, he opens his eyes and looks up to see that the sun is still up and the winds blowing. He yawned before sitting up.
He felt a presence behind him and leaned back to see a buneary leaning over him. "Hello!" she smiled. "Whoa!" he cried out and springing back up in surprise and went on his hands and knees in front of her. "Whatcha doin?" she asked.
"Well I was sky gazing, but then I fell into a nap." he told her. "Night you lazy bum, if you're going to take a nap, go home." she said that to him giggling. He sighs from the joke. "What are you doing here?" he asked. "Well I was out for a walk when I entered the fields and spotted a familiar Zorua laying on the ground." She smiles as she looks at him. "I wasn't planning on napping Luna, it snuck up on me!" Night said embarrassed. "Sure~!" she sang. Night blushed, but smiled nonetheless. "It's good to see you Luna." he said to her. "Thanks!" She sat alongside him and chatted about random things.
(Several years later.)
Night, now a Zoroark, was looking over the town he lives in, smiling at the scenery. "Hey Night." A voice sound behind him. He turned to see a familiar Lopunny looking at him. "Oh Luna, good to see you." he smiles as she walks next to him. "Whatcha doin?" "Just looking over our town." he answers her. "What about you?" "Nothin." she shugs as she answers. She leans on the fence looking over the town like him. He looks at Luna and smiles looking over her body. She had evolved into quite the slim looking Lopunny. She has a beautiful chocolate fur coat, long ears and a cute butt too. That last thought made him blush as he looked away. He have feelings for her, but is nervous about telling her. He sighs as he turns to her.
"Luna I have something-"
"Night I have something-" Luna started at the same time. "You go ahead." spoke Night.
Luna digs her hind paws to the ground. "You become rather handsome when you evolved into a zoroark. The black and red fur suits you well." she said with a blush. "Thanks." he replied with a blush. "I mean you're not like the other guys I met. You're very nice to me and you have a good heart." she went closer to him. "Well, you've grown to be pretty slim and hot yourself." he admitted. She blushes at the compliment. "Thank you. And this is why I have a confession to make." she holds his arms as she looks him in the eye. "Y-Yes?" "Night...I love you." Luna said as her face turned red.
Night felt his heart go like a drum at hearing that. "And you? How do you feel about me?" Luna ask with her voice trembling. "To be honest, I can't find the right words." "What do you mean?" she ask. "It seems like any word I try to use isn't enough and perfect to compliment your entire self." "Just say whatever." she said with a smile. "You're hot, sexy, perfect, thin, an amazing friend, probably the best. You shine under the sun and moonlight, you put the stars to shame-" began Night. Luna's face was already red when he got half way. "You warm me when I'm cold. You bring me up when I feel down." He holds her hand. "That's why I love you too Luna." Luna felt like her heart was gonna jump out and smashed her lips against his.
Night was caught off guard and fell to the floor with Luna on top as they started to kiss. Both of them felt their bodies begin to heat up. They separated as they tried to catch their breaths. "I can't hold back anymore." panted Luna. He smiles as he knows what she means. "Right here right now?" "Yes." She smiles as she can already feels his cock hardening under her.
Night rolled Luna around as he was now on top of her and he position his cock to her entrance. "Ready?" he asked. "Yes." came her reply. He slowly began to push forward. Luna moans out as he slip through her folds as it enters. "Fuck!" grunted Night. Luna moans out as he goes deeper into her. "So thick." "So tight." grunted Night. She wraps her arms around his body as she brings him closer to her. He increased his thrusts from the action. He sighs from the feeling of her soft fur on his body as he kisses her neck. She moaned from his kiss as her body felt like it was on fire. Night moves his hands on her ass and squeezes them as he thrust into her quickly, but passionately. 'So good.' both of them thought.
He nibbled her long ears as he quickens his thrust faster than before. "I'm gonna cum." he grunted. "I don't mind. Let it out inside." she said sweetly. Night grunted and pushed in as deep as he could reach before his dick began to twitch. She shudders as she feels his seed entering her pussy to her womb. He shudders as he lay down on her. The two cuddling as they relax. "If you get pregnant, what would you like the child to be?" "I'm fine as long as it's yours." she smiled. He smiles as the two kiss each other.
(5 months later)
Several Zorua and Buneary were playing a game of tag. Night and Luna were sitting on the bench watching their kids play. "They're so adorable at that age." she spoke happily as they watch them play. "Yup." They both smiled and held each other in a warm embrace as they watch their family.


Melody x Ballet (F Aria x H Piro)

Melody(F Aria Meloetta) x Ballet(H Pirouette Meloetta)
Melody, who is kind-hearted and easygoing, dreams about meeting her other self, Ballet, who is bold and sassy.

* * *

The evening moon rises among the sky that overlooks the world. An Aria formed Meloetta named Melody was writing something something in her journal. "I wonder what Ballet will tell me today?" she ask herself as she closes her journal and places it next to a similar journal, except it was orange except of her green one. Melody had another personality inside of her. Herself who is kindhearted and easygoing, and her other self Ballet, a Pirouette who is bold and sassy. "I wish I could talk to you." Melody said to herself as she gets on her bed and closes her eyes.
Melody soon felt something strange as she opened her eyes to see white in front of her. She turned her head around to see more white and nothing around her. 'What happened? Where am I? How did I get here?" She looked down to see herself completely nude without her dress and covered her DD breast. "And how did I get to be without a dress?!" Melody cried out the last part. "Well you certainly look cute that's for sure." A voice spoke out. Melody turned to see a Pirouette Meloetta a little distance away and nude as well walking towards her. "Who are you?" Melody ask with shocked. "Surprised? I guess you would be. Afterall this is our first time meeting out other half." It said with a smile. 'Other half?' Melody thought at the words then said, "Ballet?" The Pirouette giggled. "That's right. I wanted to speak with you for a long time. Then I wounded up here without clothes on, I kept on walking and then found you." Ballet explained offering a hand to Melody which she takes it.
The moment she was up on her feet, Ballet embraced Melody with her left arm around her back for their DD breasts to press against each other and her right arm to massage her big buttocks. "Hah, Ballet stop! This is too embarrassing." Melody said with a blush on her face. Ballet gave Melody a sweet smile before going to her face and kiss her passionately on the lips. Melody looked shocked for the moment, then she smiles and started to kiss her back, lifting her legs up to wrap around Ballet who slightly carried her to help her wrapped her legs around her. Melody and Ballet wrestle their tongues with each other as they continued to make out with each other. After a few minutes, they gently pulled apart from the kiss with a string of saliva traced from their lips and then their drool skims down to their breasts.
Melody stand there taking this whole thing in. "Wow, Ballet that felt so amazing!" Ballet looked at the Aria Meloetta with a smile. "If you enjoyed your first kiss, then you are going to enjoy this even more." she said before laying Melody down on the surprisingly plush and soft white floor, the two still embracing each other. Melody smiled as Ballet's breast was at her face and she took one of the nipples into her mouth. Ballet purrs from the feeling as she started stroking Melody's hips. Melody moans from this and said, "You are awfully touchy today. How long you wanted this?" Ballet smiles as she starts stroking her pussy, "For as long as your crotch wanted it." Ballet's cock then appears out of her pussy and was at its full length as she finishes.
Melody gasped at her other self's size and length of her dick, putting her left hand by her own mouth and her right hand on Ballet's cock, causing her to moan at her single touch. Melody then starts stroking Ballet's member up and down, going faster at every second, making her moan louder. When Ballet was close to an orgasm, Melody stopped, making Ballet whimper, "Wh-why would you stop?" Melody smiles and replies, "Cause I know something even better for you." She then starts spreading her legs wide open for her to enter her virgin hole. Ballet smiles as she lines up her cock to Melody's pussy and slowly enters her.
Melody cried out in pain from having her hymen being torn, but Ballet nuzzles her head and rubs her back, "Sshh, it's okay. You'll enjoy it soon enough." she said soothingly as she lays there until Melody can get adjusted to her length. Soon, Melody sighs as the pain goes away and starts to feel pleasure, "Okay, you can go now." Ballet smiles and rubs their breast together as she thrust into Melody, both moaning as Ballet goes in. Melody lay her head back, groping Ballet's round rump and moaning out in complete bliss as her pussy is widened by her other's cock.
Their breasts bounced up and down as Ballet kept on thrusting in and out of Melody, Ballet holding Melody's hips and Melody who was fondling with her own breasts. "Oh Ballet." Melody moaned out. "Melody." Ballet moaned out as well. Ballet can feel herself getting close to her climax so she starts to speak, "Melody, I have to tell you something important. Once I cum inside you, you shall be pregnant with a baby daughter named Ballet, in which case, you will take control of my form and I'll be reborn as a shiny Meloetta, your child." Melody, realizing what this means, expresses concern. "But then we might never write to each other again. I don't wanna lose you." Melody said, forming tears in her eyes. Ballet smiles and places her hand on her cheek. "It'll be okay, you won't lose me, we'll always be together now. Even though we might never be able to understand it, we'll be together, forever." Ballet wipes away the tears in her eyes. "So please, don't cry, mommy." Ballet said sweetly.
Feeling relieved, Melody smiles, "Ballet, my daughter, please cum in me..." she ask her. The two smiled and let out a soft moan as they both climax at the same time. Melody and Ballet smiled at each other lovingly as the two share a long deep kiss as the white void starts to disappear around them.
Melody starts to open her eyes, wondering about the dream she had. When she got up from the bed, she felt a strange feeling in her belly. "What is this feeling?" she ask herself, then she recall the dream she had. Melody went to the mirror and close her eyes, intending to change forms. When she opened them, she found out she's in the Pirouette form and she's still herself. Then she recall Ballet's words: "It'll be okay, you won't lose me, we'll always be together now. Even though we might never be able to understand it, we'll be together, forever." Now understanding that Ballet has indeed left her, Melody pats her stomach saying, "Mommy will take of you, darling."
(A year later.)
Melody was outside with Ballet, a small shiny Meloetta at her side. They were playing together for a while until Ballet said she was hungry. Melody smiles and picks her up and carries her to her, breastfeeding her. Melody smiles as the two Meloettas are now together forever.


Tia(F Mega Latias) X Tio(M Mega Latios)

Tia(F Mega Latias) X Tio(M Mega Latios)
After finding their mega stones, Tia has been wondering why her brother has been being distant from her, so she decided to find him and found his reason as well.

* * *

Tia was flying through the sky, wondering where her brother is. 'Where is he?' she sighed inside. She felt something weird about him. She held her mega stone to her face as this started when they found them and were able to mega-evolve. He grew distant for some reason and she didn't understand why. 'I have to know what's wrong with him!' she said inside as she uses her mega form abilities to track her brother. She found his signature and flew as fast as she could.
She arrived near a forest next to a waterfall, before Tia went closer, she turned her body invisible so he wouldn't see her. She floated above the ground and slowly went forward. Tia heard him moaning nearby so she headed near a brush in the bushes and moved them away to see. She blushed as he was groaning while rubbing his cock. She also notice that her Tio was in his mega form as he does this. She tried to stay silent as he kept couldn't blame her brother, she knew he was close to his puberty before. She turned around and was about to leave.
"Tia." groaned Tio. Tia froze in shock, fearing that her brother found out she was there. "Harder." groaned Tio moving his hand faster. 'Huh?' Tia thought as she turned to him again. He seemed to be panting even harder than before. "Oh Tia." Tio said with a pleasured filled moan as he pumps Tia blushed as she realized he was masturbating to her. She was shocked but was touch to see that her brother had feelings for her and wondered why he kept this to himself all this time.
Tia felt a drop from her neither regions and went to see that her slit has become puffy and wet from her brothers moaning and moved her hands to open it a little more. 'Wow it looks cute.' she thought to herself with a giggle as she starts to rub it with her right arm and fondles her breast with her left, masturbating like her brother is. She slowly began to feel hot as she tried to match her brother's rhythm. Her breathing begins to match her brothers as the pleasure overtakes her as well. Soon they both reached climax and sprayed out their seeds. Tio's seed reached a distance while Tia's juices drenched the ground. Both pant as they recover from their orgasms.
As Tio was catching his breath, he caught a strange scent in his nose. He raised his nose and took another sniff. 'Why does this smell familiar?' he thought as he tries to recognize the smell. Tia saw him sniffing the air and realized her pheromones must be in the air. The look of shock and realization on his face proves that.
With that, Tia moves out of the bushes and deactivated her invisibility, appearing in front of her brother, Tio jumped at seeing his sister reappear. "T-Tia?" Tio said out loud. "Yeah, it's me." she said to him. Tio looks to see his hand still at his cock, which he moves it away from his cock. "I'm sorry, I needed some release." he said with a blush, hoping not to dig deeper. "It's alright, same here." she admitted looking away. Tio looked surprised at her answer as he looks at her. "Y-you were watching, h-how long?" he ask with a increasing blushing face. "Since the beginning." Tio starts to get covered in cold sweats, "Then you heard...?" "Yes." she nodded.
He starts to panic cause she knows why he was masturbating, "I...I..." "It's okay. You want to be my mate right. Alright then." "Wait, what?" asked Tio. "We can be mates." Tia repeated. "Even though we're siblings?" he asked. "Yes Tio, I love you." Tia said sweetly as she went and kiss him. Tio's eyes widened at feeling his sister's soft lips against his. He soon started kissing her back as he wraps his arm around her body. Tia smiled as her chest pressed against his chest. The two kept making out for some time before separating to catch their breaths. 'You're really good with your tongue.' she said to him mentally. 'Thanks.' he grinned. 'You weren't bad yourself.' he told her.
He started to place her on her back and moved so he's at her wet folds. "So pink." he muttered. He gave it a few licks for her flavor. "AH!" she gasped and arched her back. When she does this, Tia caught the sight of his shaft already hard again. He delved deeper and pushed his tongue into her folds. She moans out as she takes his cock into her mouth. He groaned and began to lick faster. Tia bobs her head back and forth along his length. 'This is great.' he thought. 'You taste good as well.' she complimented him as she continues sucking.
They started to go faster and harder as their limits slowly approach them. 'Gonna cum!' they thought at the same time. With that, they both moan out, spraying their seeds and juices respectively to the other. Both tried to swallow the others as much as they could. 'You're certainly sweet.' he said in his thoughts. 'You too.' she replied.
Tio smiles as he said. "It's time for the main event." They sat up as Tio held his sister's legs opened. He climb onto tia as he lines his cock up to her pussy. "Brace yourself." She takes a deep breath as Tio starts to push inside her. She bit her lip as he pushed through her hymen. But it was more painful as she thought as she cried out in pain. "Sorry!" cried out Tio. Tia was tearing up as Tio went to her and kisses her softly. Tio stayed still as the pain slowly faded away. 'It'll be okay.' he told her softly as it goes down. She took a moment to catch her breath and nodded her head. Tia still has tears in her eyes, but she smiles to him, "Please keep going.." she said softly. "If you insist." spoke Tio slowly pulling back, then going back into her, moaning from her tightness.
Tia moaned at her first ever cock. She never thought it would be like this. Her first cock belonging to her brother. "Just how long have you've been thinking about this?" Tia ask him though moans. "A long time." he grunted. "R-really? How did this happen?" Tio looks at her with a confused look. "Like, how did you started to like me?" "When we began to hit puberty." "Oh." Tia said with a blush. "I did found you handsome Tio." He grinned before he began to go faster. "And I found you very beautiful Tia." he told him Tia blushed at hearing that. "Aw Tio." she said his name sweetly. "Tia." he said her name as he went to her and kiss her passionately, their tongues wrestling with each other. She held him close as he began to go faster.
She starts to grow warm from the feeling. 'Brother, I'm close.' 'Same here.' he replied. "Please cum inside me~" she smiled. 'You sure?' 'Hmm?' she wondered what he mean. 'You could get pregnant.' he groaned. 'I think having kids would be nice. Go right ahead.' she said reassuringly. Tio was stunned and couldn't stop as his dick twitched and began to fill her pussy. His seed went through her all the way to the womb. She let out a silent moan of content at feeling it fill her up. They both pant as the ordeal left them tired as Tio lays on top of his sister. "Amazing..." moaned Tia. "Y..Yeah...me too." he moans out looking back at Tia. The two share a kiss as the go and take a nap.
(3 months later.)
Tio smiled as he walked into the cavern where he and his sister resided in. He looked to see that she isn't here though. "Tia? Where are you?" called out. A door opened leading to the bathroom as Tia in her Latias form came out. It was visible of how swollen her belly had gotten. "Well it seems you were right about me being pregnant." Tia said with a giggle. "Told you." he chuckled. "Well at least I have a father who I know who can take care of it along with me." Tia said teasingly as she embraces her brother. He smiled and held her with extreme care. Tia shudders from his touch as she notices his face getting closer. Their lips pressed against each other. Both hummed in each others mouth as the enjoyed their love filled kiss.


Logan(M Leafeon) X Millie(F Sylveon)

Logan(M Leafeon) X Millie(F Sylveon)
The eeveeolutions are siblings as they traveled with their respective trainers who are brother and sister as well. Logan is a lot like his trainer, cocky and lusting for his sister. Millie is aware what her brother wants and has thought about letting him have her but thought incest is wrong, so she is shocked when she sees her trainer make love to her own brother. After this, the Sylveon allows her brother to have her and agrees to be his and his alone.

* * *

Pidove's songs was sounding through the forest as two trainers walk through them. One was a female with brown hair in a ponytail with a pink tank top on with a matching skirt that was walking with sandals on. Other was a male with brown hair in cornrows with blue shirt with a beige jacket with green paints and sneakers. Next to them walked a Leafeon and Sylveon. The Leafeon was male like his trainer and the same goes to the Sylveon. The Leafeon was Logan and the Sylveon was Millie.
The trainers were siblings as they were talking. "So what's the plan now?" The girl ask. "Maybe set up camp." spoke the boy. She looked up to see that the sun is setting, so she nods her head. "Yeah, that'll be a good idea." While that went on, we listen in on the two pokemon. "Looks like we're camping out tonight." Millie said seeing them set up camp. "Guess we'll be sharing a bed." grinned Logan. "Uh...yeah. It seems like that." she said nervously from the way he grinned while saying that. She walked past him as he took a moment to stare at her ass. She went and got a drink of water at the river.
She takes the moment to think about Logan as she drinks. Like their trainers, the two eeveeolutions are siblings as well. Twins with Millie being 3 minutes older. He was always cocky and flirted with her for some reason. She couldn't help but be flatter by it, actually she been thinking about letting him do it, but it just seem wrong to her.
Just as she finishes, she turn to see Logan behind her. "Logan, what are you doing here?" "Just admiring your butt." he gave a cheeky smile. Millie blushes deeply from the comment. "S-stop it." "Stop what?" he grinned. "Stop teasing me like that." Millie said as he starts to come closer. "Nope." he grinned licking her cheek. "L-Logan, what's with this?" "What's with what?" he moved down and began to lightly nibble her neck. "You know what?" Millie said trying to back away. "Oh, you mean this?" he walked forward and began to lightly lick under her chin. "Logan we can't..." she said with a blush. "Oh? And why not?" "We're siblings that's why." Millie said catching her breath. "That's not stopping our trainers~!" he sang pointing to the tent. "Huh?" she said following Logan to the tent. Inside they heard moaning. Logan smiles as he leads her to the front of the tent.
They looked inside and her jaw dropped, the male was holding the female in a sitting position as he bounced her on his cock. Millie was stunned as her trainer was openly moaning. Her face blushes at seeing the scene behold her. "See? They don't care." he whispered. "It..certainly sounds like they don't." Millie said with a blush. "Then we shouldn't." he grinned slapping her ass with his tail. She gasp at the hit as she turns to him. This time he pressed his lips against hers.
Millie blushed at his actions, but she doesn't move away as Logan kisses her, even using his vines to feel around her body. She shivered as they trailed up and down her legs while staying around her ass. His tongue push against hers and entering her mouth as the actions causes her to moan out as well to him.
That's when one of the vines began to tease her pussy. Millie shudders and accidentally push her tongue on his, slipping past the tip and encircling around Logan's. Logan eagerly sucked on her tongue while his vines began to slide into her pussy.
Millie moans out in pleasure as her slit is opening for his vines to enter her. Logan grinned and pulled said vines away. "Huh? Why did you stop?" Millie ask panting from the kiss. "You said it was wrong." he grinned. "I did at first, but seeing our trainers and if they don't care, then we shouldn't either." she said with a smile. "I'm not so sure now. After all, kissing you made me feel like this." he nodded down to show his swollen shaft. Her mouth was wide open at the size. "Oh my." she said. "But if you don't want it, I understand." he replied in a mocking sad voice turning around.
Millie was surprised and said, "No Logan. Don't go!" "Why not?" he teased with a looks shyly at him, her ribbon tendrils flowing around her. "Well, since you want it, I'll let you have me." "Well I'm not sure. I want to hear you ask for it." he grinned. "Ask for it, how?" "Where do you want my cock?" Millie blushes as she goes on her back, letting he pussy be visible to him, "H...here." "Ah ah ah, what is it you want?" he smirks while saying that. "Take me brother. I want to be yours...and yours alone." she said to him, sounding submissive. Logan licked his lips before he walked forward and began to rub his cock against her lips. Millie started to pant from his shaft touching her entrance. He looks into her eyes and she nods her head. He began to slowly push forward.
Millie moans out as his cock sinks his way into her pussy. "Fuck. I've wanted to do this for years." he groaned. She moans as well as her mind was blown from the sensation. 'So big.' she thought. She uses her tendrils to wrap around her brother and bring him to her. "Man. You won't let go. Someone was begging for this." he grunted. She was shuddering through his thrusting as she moans out, "Yes...I-I wanted this."
Logan grinned and started licking around her neck, getting moans from her as he trails upwards. He lightly bit her neck while moving his hips faster. "Oh Logan, you're making me flushed. Ohh, this feels so good!" Millie cries out to him. "I could fuck you all day." he groaned."Anywhere else you like to take after my pussy?" Millie ask teasingly. "Actually, yeah." he grinned before pulling out of her pussy. "I thought you'll cum in me." "I am." he grinned prodding the tip against her ass.
She gasp as he starts to push against her ass. He groaned at how snug it felt. Millie couldn't bare it and cried out, spraying her juices on Logan. Considering how much he thrust into her pussy, her tight ass was too much and he groaned out. She can feel her brother's seed flow into her body. It feels warm inside her.
He laid on top of her as his dick stopped twitching inside her. "I can't believe we done this." she said catching her breath. "Well get use to it. Cause I'm not gonna stop." he grinned. "I never said I wanted you to." she said to them and they kiss.
(The next morning)
Millie slowly opened her eyes as she felt her body moving and something going in and out of her. Millie opened her eyes to see Logan still thrusting into her. "Morning." he grunted moving back and forth. "Morning." she replied with a moan as he thrust more into her pussy. "AH!" he grunted before cumming inside her pussy. "Oooh." she moaned out as she climax as well.
Nearby, their trainers were watching the action in secret. "Who knew they liked each other?" whispered the boy. "I did notice Logan always flirting with Millie, but she always turn him down. What happened with this one?" "Don't know." replied the boy before pinching the girl's butt, which she giggled from it. "When we head to town, let's have one night before we go to gyms and contests?" "Sounds good." he smiled. The two smiled as they held their hands and kissed.


Devin(M Houndoom) X Sora(M Mightyena)

Devin(M Houndoom) X Sora(M Mightyena)
Two friends cought in a snowstorm finds shelter in a cave, now they try to keep themselves warm for the night

* * *

The snowfall turned into a blizzard as two pokemon try to find shelter. One was a Mightyena and the other a Houndoom. The houndoom, Devin was leading trying to find some shelter from it. "Anything?!" called the Mightyena over the loud blizzard. The Houndoom squinted until a cave was able to be seen from the whiteness. "Ahead of us!" He turned then gasp as he found the dark type lying on the ground. He rushed over and picked him up before trudging to the opening. "Hold on Sora." Devin said as he enters the cave and made a quick fire. He laid the Mightyena down next to it as he made sure to keep the fire going.
Afterwards, Devin laid down next to him to give him his warmth. He closed his eyes while making sure the fire was strong. Sora hummed at the warm feeling, his eyes slowly fluttered open. He found himself in a cave next to a fire as Devin was next to him sharing his warmth. He smiled and rubbed Devin's back. The action caused him to wake up. "Hey." muttered Sora. "Sora, are you okay?" he ask in concerned. "Yeah, just tired." Devin sighed in relief, "You actually passed out in the blizzard and I dragged you here.""Thanks for helping." Sora then turn to look outside to see it's still snowing. "Seems like we'll be here for some time." Sora sighs as he looks. "Seems like it." spoke Devin.
Devin kept close to his friend, enjoying the soft fur the dark type had. Sora noticed and idly glided his claw down Devin's belly. Devin chuckled at the tickling feeling as he unconsciously trail his paws lower. He stiffened up though at feeling the hand grab a spot between his legs. Devin realized this and took his hand away from it. "Sorry." he said quickly. "Aw it's okay." Sora he said looking at him. "Though I did found the rubbing pleasant, though a bit odd at that point. Why your paw tread down there? One would not go there normally?" Sora ask him grinning. "Well... I was.." Devin tried to explain but couldn't find any words. "Devin... did you find my body arousing?" Sora ask with a blush. "Yeah." Sora blush at his answer. "I... I'm flattered Devin." he answered with a blush.
Devin grinned and this time reached down and grabbed Sora's sheathe. Sora gasp as he places his paw over there. Sora's shaft grows out as his is growing as well. "This might warm us up." grinned Devin. "What do you mean?" Devin sat up and lowered his muzzle down before licking Sora's sheathe. "Ahh! Haahh.." he moans from the pleasure he's getting. Sora moans out softly from the spike of pleasure hitting him from his tongue. Devin saw the cock start to come out and began to suck faster. "Oh wow." he murrs out as he smiles at him.
Devin smiled as he stopped and lifted away, "I think you it's time to reward me for helping huh?" Sora looked down and saw Devin's cock. "Yeah you're right, so what would you like?" Devin grinned and stood up as he rubbed his shaft against Sora's cheek. "Mind rimming my ass a bit?" Sora ask as he gets up onto his four legs, turn around and presented his ass to him like a female. Devin grinned and spread his ass before taking a slow lick. Sora made a small moan and shliver from the lick. Devin made sure it was wet before pushing his tongue inside. "Ahh!" he gasp as Devin's tongue push past his splinter and into his anus. He made sure the inside walls were well wet. Wet slurping noise filled his ears as Sora feels his ass being reamed out thoroughly. He push back into Devins face, grinding his ass into his face.
Devin pulled out as he began to prod the entrance with his tip. Sora shudder as Devin mounts his body and felt his cock at his ass. Sora looks at Devin with a smile. "Do it." Devin grinned as he starts to push into Sora's rear, the slickened hole giving away to let it inside him. Sora groaned at the odd feeling up his ass. "Ahh! This feels odd being fucked in my ass." Sora said as he stands there as the Houndoom pushes more of him in. "Don't worry. This feels better." Devin moved his tail and began to stroke Sora off while fucking him. Sora let out a moan as Devin's tail wrap around his shaft, stroking it as Devin thrust in to him. "Feeling warm?" "Very warm." Sora said humming to him. "Then hold on." grinned Devin before he started getting rougher with his thrusts. Sora moans out louder as he gets faster and rougher as he shoves his cock into Sora's ass as he pushes back into him. "Gonna cum." groaned Devin. "Go on and fill your bitch." Sora said with a moan as he looks at him with a red face.
Devin grinned and buried his knot inside Sora before cumming. The size of his knot entering his butt causes Sora to howl out as he cums to the ground, feeling Devin's hot seed seeping though his body into his stomach. Devin growled and bit lightly on Sora's neck as they rode their orgasms out. He laid on the ground and yelped at feeling Devin's teeth at his neck. Soon they both panted as they simply laid on the ground. "How was it for you?" Sora said with a blush. "Awesome." "It was nice for me too. You were quite rough with me, what happened there?" he ask teasingly. "It makes it much better." Devin answered. "For what?" "Being rough can sometimes make the sex better." he added a lustful growl at his ear. He looks at his shaft to see it's still hard. "That is true."
"Mind if I have a turn?" Sora ask after Devin deflated. "Go ahead." Devin gets up and raises his ass for him. Sora grinned and rubbed his cock to get it nice and ready. He moves in so he's at his ass and gave him a quick lick at his hole. Devin groaned at the tongue licking his ass. Sora licked around it a bit before starting to stick his tongue inside his splinter. Devin gripped the ground as Sora eagerly ate him out. This kept up for a moment until Sora pulls back, admiring his work.
"Now for this." Sora brought his cock up and began to slide in. Devin groaned from the cock starting to enter him, the odd feeling filling him as well. "Fuck you're tight." Sora groaned out. "I could say the same thing for you." Devin said with a moan. Sora pushed in till he had his whole kick in before pulling back. Then he slammed back into him with increased force. Sora and Devin groaned as Sora began to pull back and push back in with more force than Devin. "Damn, you're going at it harder than me!" Devin said with a moan. "Well I need to get your ass nice and warm!" Devin smiled. "Well thank you for thinking about me." Sora grinned as he managed to push in his knot, getting both of them to moan. Sora humps a little more before howling out loud, spraying his seed into his bowels. Devin let his tongue hang out at feeling the hot sperm fill him up.
Devin lay down on the ground as he spills his seed on the ground, both panted from their second orgasm. "Well I certainly feel warmer now." he said teasingly to him. Sora maneuver his body so he's laying on Devin's stomach. "Well, I'm happy I won't be spending this alone." he said looking at Devin's face. "Same." he grinned. Sora then went and kissed him tenderly as he finally stops filling him and they went to sleep.
(Next morning.)
The two slept together though the night of the blizzard. Sora woke up first and looked to see the blizzard has stopped and the sun is out. He turned and shook Devin awake. ""Oof, what is it?" he ask groggily. "Devin the blizzard has passed." Sora said with a smile. Devin looked outside to see he's telling the truth. "Okay, so now we can go right?" Of course." He said as they get up and went out to the cave. "We shouldn't have another blizzard like that soon, but Sora, if you ever feel cold, just tell me." he went to Sora to gave his nick a long neck. "I'll be happy to share my warmth with you." "Same to you." Sora licks Devin's neck as well as they started to walk.


Lightning(M Raichu) xCotton (F Lopunny)

Lightning (M Raichu) x Cotton (F Lopunny)
Lightning and Cotton are friendly rivals who loves competition. The two were relaxing in the hot spring when the hot water started to get to them and things get kinky.

* * *

The mist hovered over the hot springs pool area in the mountains. Not far from it was a small camp where two pokemon were getting ready. One, a male Raichu named Lightning. The other a Lopunny named Cotton. She knew the Raichu since they were kids. Ever since they were kids, they had been rivals. The two don't hate each other, they just want to see who can become the strongest of the two. That's why they always traveled with each other.
Lightning was walking to the spring at a good pace, keeping a eye on cotton who was walking ahead. he sped up to catch up with her. "I'm gonna get there first." grinned Cotton. "Hah! You wish!" With that, Lightning burst into a run to the spring. Cotton though wouldn't give up like that. The two were pushing each other as fast as they can as the spring entrance get's closer. Pretty soon they reach it.
"I win!" Lightning cried out as he stops. "No, I won!" shouted Cotton. "Oh come on, I was way ahead!" he said back. "No, I was!" They kept arguing for a moment before the Raichu saying, "Let's call it a draw." "Fine." relented Cotton. Lightning look at the hot springs. "Well now that we're here, let's relax." he said as he walks towards the pool. "Me first!" called Cotton running past him. "Hey!" he got out as she slides into the water, followed by you. "Ah, nice." she purred. "Yeah, I agree." he said laying next to her.
Both sighed in content at the warm water. "Man, I wish they have more of this around." Lightning said with a smile as he looks up at the night sky. "Mmm hmmm." After a while, the two started to become warm, not from the water. Like their faces were becoming Cotton. "It's getting a little hot." spoke Lightning. He turn his head to the Lopunny next to him who had a smile on her face. "What?" he asked. "You know Lightning, you look very cute from where I'm looking." she said as she scoots a little towards him. That made Lightning blush. "Well you're a beautiful Lopunny yourself." he replied back as he edged even closer. "Thanks." she giggled.
They soon became close enough to touch each other. "Whoa, the heat is getting to me." he said. "I know." she whispered wrapping her arms around him. "Uh..uh." he stuttered out as her soft arms that wasn't soaked wrap around him. She closed her eyes and moved her head forward. Lightning's face turns red as the Lopunny kisses him tenderly on the lips. He wrapped his arms around her as he returned it. They wrap their tongues with each other as they wrap their arms around them as well. Both moaned into the kiss as Cotton laid her leg against his own under the water. Lightning squeezes her body as his shaft starts to grow from the warm water and the cuddling. Cotton noticed this as it was poking her thigh.
She move back from the kiss which Lightning blushes as she can feel it. "I'm sorry. I just felt so flush and this feeling was so nice." "Mmm, not bad." she purred rubbing her leg against the cock. "Ah!" the Raichu groans out as she teases him with the rubbing. "Ooh, someone likes this." grinned Cotton feeling it get harder. "I..well I uh.." the Raichu couldn't find anything to say after her. Cotton licked her lips and reached under the water and grabbed his cock. "Ooohh.." he smiles a bit as her paws wrap around him. "Nice and thick." Lightning smiles as he blushes at the compliment and places his hand on Cotton's breast and gives them a squeeze. She let out a moan as she kept rubbing. "Your breast are big and firm." He moved closer and took a lick of one of the nipples.
She yelp at the sudden touch, "I think the time of foreplay is up." She climbed out and onto one of the rocks with a sultry grin. Lightning looks at Cotton with a curious look. She spread her legs with her arms and showed her wet pussy. Lightning's face turns red at the sight of her red folds on desplay. "Well, come on in." she purred. Lightning smiles and climbs out again, going over the Lopunny and positioning himself near her hole. He slowly pushed the tip in. They both moan out as he sinks into her vagina.
"So tight." he groaned. Cotton hugged him deeply, pushing herself along his thrust. "So big!" she moaned out. Lightning pushes back a bit before going back in slowly. Cotton moaned as her body tingled with each thrust. "You feel so warm inside Cotton." Lightning said with a moan. "Flattery will get you everywhere." she said warmly. He grinned and began to thrust into her faster. Cotton gasp as he didn't expect the Raichu to have this much stamina. 'So hot!' they both thought. Cotton smiles and brought him closer to her body. "Your fur's so soft and fluffy." "Thanks."
Lightning could feel his limit coming. "Do you want it inside or out?" "Inside." He nods and thrust and Cotton moaned louder. Lightning groaned out as he reaches his climax. He stayed inside as he began cumming. Cotton shudder as he feels his warm seed entering her pussy. Both panted from their orgasm. "That was...nice." Lightning said with a pant as he crawls up to her face. She smiled before they started kissing again. The two also hug each other tenderly as they make out passionately.
Lightning gets up and offers a hand to Cotton. She gladly accepted it. "Well, what you want to do now? head back to camp, or take another dip?" he ask her. "Camp." "Okay then." he said as they started to walk towards their camp. The two were holding each other as the walk.


M Oshawott X F Snivy

M Oshawott X F Snivy
Oshawott was feeling down from being turned down by females he had a crush on. A certain grass type offers him some comfort.

* * *

At Oak corral, lots of Ash's pokemon was relaxing in the area as he travels to different regions. One pokemon was swimming in the nearby lake it contained. This pokemon was Oshawatt. He was looking up at the sky as he swims. Right now he was feeling a little down, He had crushes on some pokemon he encountered. As he looks up at the clouds, they take form of all those crushes, but none of them were a success. He let out a sad sigh. He swims to the shore and lay there looking upwards.
We now cut to a small grass snake pokemon. Snivy was was walking through the forest till he noticed the otter laying at the lake edge. 'Wonder why he's down.' she thought, as she started walking towards him. Oshawatt noticed someone come towards him and saw it was Snivy. "Oshawott?" Snivy calls out as she was over him, close enough for Oshawott to see her slit under her legs. He lift his head up, hyperventilating. "Y-Yes?" he stuttered out. Snivy was blushing slightly at the incident, but kept a calm face as to not frightened her water equivalent, "I noticed you look down when I saw you in the water, what's the matter?" "It's nothing." he sighed. Oshawatt tried to ignore her look, but sighed.
"I had a number of crushes during our journey. I tried flirting with them, but none of them went along with it." Snivy sat down to listen. I try to be caring and understanding, but still. I either get turned down or the worst case, being forced away by a attack. I don't know what to do anymore." as he talks, Oshawott's eyes started to form tears. Snivy stood back up and walked over to pat him on the back. She was still embarrassed about his accidental peek, but he still felt bad for him. Getting a idea, she smiles. "Hey Oshawott, I got a surprise for you." she said walking behind him. "What is it?" "You'll see." she covers his eyes as she guides him to her destination. Oshawatt followed where she was leading him.
(Flashback)
Snivy was walking around thinking about how Oshawott was feeling when she encountered Bayleef. "Hey Snivy." smiled the grass type. "Hi Bayleef." Snivy said, then she remembered that Bayleef also had feelings for her trainer, but it couldn't work out. "Hey, how were you able to cope with not being with a relationship with Ash." "Well, it wasn't easy." "Really?" "Yeah, I nearly cried every night." Snivy listens in as she tells the story. "The fact we were different species didn't help at all. He was human, I'm a pokemon, so I tried to find someone else." "What did you do?" "I met Quilava." "Oh?" That's when said fire type walked over. "He's a good guy. The two of us became mates." "That's right." he smiled. Snivy stared in awe. "Why ask that kind of question?" Bayleef ask. "Obviously there's someone who you care about." Quilava added with her. "So who?" Bayleef ask. "Well it's...Oshawott. I been noticing he's been down lately, but I don't know what to do about it." Snivy explained to them. "It's real simple." "Really? how?" Snivy ask.
After telling them this, Snivy smiles. "Alright, I gotta go. I'm gonna cheer him up in a way that's more than friends do." she turns around saying that. "I hope it goes well." spoke Bayleef. "Let's follow her and see how it goes." Quilava smiled as he ask. "You sure?" "It'll see if she can do it." he said with a genuine smile.
(End flashback)
Oshawott's eyes were cover by Snivy's hands as she takes him to her very own room. (developed by Professor Oak with two doors in one. A small door for smaller Pokemon cut around a bigger one for humans or big Pokemon). She pulled her hands away. "Now open them." Oshawott was surprised at the furniture, including a comfy plush bed for two, which he jumped in and relaxed, "The bed is so soft." "Yup." she smiled taking the spot beside him. Oshawott smiles but is curious of something. "You're being quite nice to me, why is that?" "I want to help." "I'm worried because you couldn't find a suitable mate who likes you back." He looked down at being reminded of that again. Snivy then embraces him, "If you want a mate, I would be yours." "WHAT?!" gasped the water type. "You need some happiness and your life, and you are a good pokemon." she said to him. He felt his face blush from hearing that. This makes the Sea Otter Pokemon hug her back, crying his eyes out on her chest. Snivy calmly rubbed his back and let him cry. "It's okay now, you're not alone anymore." she shushes him as she rubs.
Eventually he started to calm down. The two look at each other and smiled, then they lock lips with each other, both were new at this and tried to follow their instincts. The two wrap one arm around each other while holding the hand with the other, getting turned them on rather quickly from the kissing. Snivy looked down and saw his erect cock. She was reaching for it until Oshawott stops her, "Wait hold on." "What is it?" "Um well, I want to be the dominant one." he said shyly. That surprised Snivy from the request, but she smiled as she complies, letting him push her on her back with her arms and legs in a eagle position. Oshawatt blushed at the sight of her like this.
He move so his hands are restricting her arms as he puts on a evil grin, "You know... You shouldn't have made yourself so willing my very own sex slave~..." Snivy looks at him questionably, but decided to play along, "Huh?" Oshawott then nibbled, kissed, licked and blew at her neck, making her shiver at his cool breath. Oshawott snickered and lick around her chest and has his left paw tickle her clit, making Snivy moan and shiver even more. "Ah~...! Why all of a sudden, you're like this...? Uh~...!" Oshawott smirked and glared playfully, "Hmhmhm~...! Maybe because you made me the dominant one~?" He said, licking her left cheek. This made her wince but with a smile to show she still accepts and Snivy said, "Oh~... Mmm~ You're so cruel~...!" He then places his paws to her clit, teasing the entrance of her pussy. She gasped as Oshawatt slowly rubbed against her spot. He smirked as he inserted his fingers into her. "AH!" she moaned. He kept this up for a several minutes until she climax.
Oshawott chuckled darkly and licked a little of her cum off his left paw before presenting it to her, making her lick off and savor her own juices. Snivy shook her head, giggling, "Yeah, and I really show my submissive side, right~?" She winked at Oshawott who agreed, "Yup, I gotta say, you sounded really sexy there~..." Oshawott then places his cock to her entrance and started to push it in. Snivy groaned while Oshwatt was blown away at the hot feeling. Soon he reach her hymen and push harder, pushing past it. Snivy bit her lip as she felt it tear. Seeing this, he nuzzles her chin to calm her down. Slowly the pain faded away. He then move back a bit and thrust forward slowly. He gasped at how hot it felt.
Snivy shudders from the pleasure she's feeling as her pussy widens to his shaft. The feeling of her pussy made him go faster. She was impress by his strength, considering he's at a type disadvantage to her. Feeling good by the pleasurable feeling, she cries, "Please, p-please go harder." He grinned and began to push harder, though he was surprised because he had never seen nor heard Snivy sounding so submissive. 'I like this.' he grinned in his mind. Snivy shudders as their actions are bringing her to her limit. "Babe, I'm real close...!" Oshawott told her. "Me too!" she moaned. "Aah~...! Please! Cum in me, Oshy~!" she said almost pleadingly. "Gladly." The two share their climax they both had a intense orgasm. Snivy moaned at feeling full of his sperm.
The two started to get tired as they continue to embrace, "I love you Oshy~." "I love you too Snivy." Unknowingly to them, two pokemon were watching them through the crack in the doorway. "Aw." whispered Bayleef. "Looks like they did very well. Don't you agree?" Quilava said. "Yup." "Hey let's go to our room, their scene made me kinda frisky." he said with a grin. "Sure." The two leave for their rooms as the two sleeps in their room.
(A week later.)
Oshawott and snivy were splashing water at each other. "Having fun?" called Bayleef. The two smiles at seeing them at the lake. "What're you two doing here?" Snivy ask. "The reason we're here because we have some wonderful news to tell you. Bayleef?" he mentioned the grass type to finish. "I'm pregnant!" Snivy and Oshawott looked at them as they both said "Really?" "Yup." nodded Quilava. Oshawott looks at Snivy, "You know what this could mean?" "Maybe." "We could have kids ourselves, if you want." Oshawott said to her. That got Snivy to blush. "I like the sound of that." Then the two embraced and kiss.


Evan(M Zoroark)X Caroline(F Ninetales)

Evan(M Zoroark)X Caroline(F Ninetales)
Evan has a crush on Caroline who always turns him down because she doesn't like his personality. Unwilling to give up, he uses one dirty trick to get her.

* * *

A lone Ninetales was out walking through the forest. She was enjoying the peacefulness it radiates from it. Unknown to her, a figure watched her. A few trees off, a Zoroark was watching her in a hidden spot. This Zoroark was called Evan. He was watching the Ninetales, Caroline ever since she left town on her walk. 'So beautiful.' Evan had a crush on Caroline for some time now.
Evan went out of his hiding place and ran towards her. Caroline heard running and turned her head. "Hey Caroline." he greeted her as he caught up. 'Oh great.' she sighed in her head. "How's it going?" he ask with a smile. "Fine." she replied turning her back on him. "Happy to hear. Me too." he said walking next to her. "What're you doing?" "Walking." she said flatly. Evan looks at her and ask. "Why you always act like this around me? I'm just trying to be kind." 'Time to lay it on him.' she thought facing him. Evan noticed a scowl on her face as she opens her mouth, "You're too annoying." "Huh?" "I hate that annoying and outgoing personality of yours. It gets on my nerves." Caroline said looking in his eyes.
Evan stepped back as Caroline turned away from him, he was shocked beyond words at what he was told. Caroline then began walking away form him. "I can't just let her go like this, she's amazing." he said to himself. He followed after her while mulling over a plan. "I'm gonna have to do this the hard way." he said with a grin. Soon she stopped near some dense bushes. "Hey Caroline." Evan said catching up to her. "What?" she growled. "Remember the time you fell in the river and your fur was messed up?" he ask with a grin. "Yeah, why?" "It would be kinda enbarrassing if some pokemon were to find out." "Is that suppose to be blackmail?" scoffed Caroline. "I mean, if you want that to be known in town..." he said with a smirk. She gritted her teeth at the grinning pokemon. "Well?" "What do you want?" He smiles, "Just a little fun, that's all." "Oh?" "You are very pretty Caroline." he said to her.
Caroline groans at the idea, but doesn't look like she has a choice. "Fine." she relented. Caroline sighs as she lays down on her back. Evan stared at her form, her golden fur and slim body was beautiful and he smiled as he approach her. Caroline gritted her teeth as Evan trailed his claws down her body. While this, she was actually nervous because she was a virgin. "Let's get this over with." she said as she spreads her legs.
Evan licked his lips with a grin. He went towards her and position himself near her clit. "This might hurt." She huffed, but was shivering a bit for the upcoming event. He lined the tip up before sliding forward. Caroline grunted as it starts to enter her virgin pussy. "Wow!" groaned Evan. He touch her hymen and stop for a moment. Evan blushed a bit as he then starts to push against her hymen. Caroline bit her lip as he got through. While this, he kept it gentle despite he's the one blackmailing her to this. The pain slowly died down and she relaxed.
Evan starts to thrust back and forth into her, keeping a steady pace. Caroline was stunned at how much odd it felt then when she would use her paws. 'He's so annoying with his easygoing personallity, but I can't help but admit he is good at this.' Caroline thought as a moan escape her lips. "Someone likes this." grinned Evan. Caroline blushes and looks away from him as he slowly quickens his pace. "Fuck you're tight." he groaned. "Of course I'm tight idiot." she got out. Evan grinned and reached up to tweak one of her nipples. She gasp loudly at the actions as she squeezes around his length. "Someone likes this." She opens her mouth to speak, but a moan comes out. That's when he started to go faster. Caroline shudders as her breaths increase from the thrust.
The illusion foxe's actions was bringing her to her limit as she hugs around him. "Gonna cum." he groaned out. Caroline shudders and moans as she spray her juices on his shaft. Evan groaned as his dick started to twitch. They both shudders as Evan's seed starts flowing into her. Once it stopped, he laid on her stomach. She blushes as she feels his fur on her own. "How was it?" "It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be." she told him. "Good to hear." he grinned.
The two rested for a bit before Evan pulls out. "Anything to say?" "Your Easygoing happy go lucky personality still annoys me." she started. "But I say you certainly are good at what counts." she finishes. He grinned hearing that. "So you think we could go out?" he ask hopefully. Caroline mulled it over. "I suppose I could give you a chance." "Sweet!" "But try to be a little more mature about this okay?" "Sure thing." He hugs her afterwards which shock her at first, but then she wrap her arms around him as well, planning to give him a chance at the relationship.

* * *

To Cool loon, it's okay, but I need a pokemon to replace the human. Thank you.


Drake, Jess, Rouge, and Alice

Drake, Jess, Rouge, and Alice
The four rulers of different lands meet up and discuss about making a unity of the four kingdoms.

* * *

We find ourselves in a castle in the middle of a thick forest. In the castle meeting area, four pokemon was gathered around a round table. There was a red Gyarados, Milotic, Serperior, and Arbok. They're having a meeting involving their kingdoms.
"Thank you all for coming here." Drake the red Gyarados greeted them. "Why have you called us here?" asked Jess the Milotic. "As you all know, we each have our kingdoms with their own specialties." he started. "We're aware of this." spoke the Serperior named Alice. "But apparently, I've been receiving request from you three that you like to combine the four kingdoms into one unity. Am I right?" "This is true." replied the Arbok Rogue. "I believe it's a good idea to do so. Now we need a way to do that, any suggestions?" "A contract?" suggested Jess. "Okay." he said considering the idea "A agreement?" Rouge offered. "Yes." "Well we need to form the kingdoms together, so I have one idea to go with it." Alice spoke. "And that is?" asked Rogue. "We need to put our 4 bloodlines and convert it into one bloodline" Alice answers. "Wait, you don't mean..." "The queens need to get pregnant by each kingdom bloodline." Alice finished with a blush. "Exactly." spoke Drake. "Really? I was just offering ideas." Alice said looking embarrassed. "Well I believe something like that is what we need. Anyone in disagreement?" Drake ask the others. Alice and Rogue were silent. "Okay then." Drake said settling it.
Alice slithered over to Drake. "Well, since it was my idea, I'll be first to go along." Alice said with a blush. Alice stood a full two feet shorten then drake as she looks at the water dragon. She went ahead and lightly licked the corner of his mouth. Drake made a low sound from her tongue licking her. Soon their lips met. Rouge and Jess were blushing as the two started kissing each other. "Should we do that?" asked Jess. "W-well, be do want a merger with the four kingdoms so I think we should." Rogue slithered over and pulled Jess closer. Jess shudders from feeling Rogue's scales on her own as their bodies touch each other. He grinned before capturing her lips. Jess's face turns red from the kiss, but before she can even think, she started to kiss back.
Pretty soon both pairs were getting into the mood fast. The males cocks were hard and the females folds were wet. The Males wrap around their females till their shafts were lined up. "This might hurt." warned Drake. Alice nods and took a deep breath. Drake started to push into her. She bit her lip as the tip slowly went in. The tip touched her hymen. Drake looks at Alice to see her nod her head. Soon he started to push forward. Alice cried out as intense pain rippled through her. Drake stayed still as she tried to get use to it. Soon Alice takes a breath as she recovers from the pain. He nodded and he pulled back before going forward. Drake kept rubbing his head to hers as they kept moaning.
Rouge went and kissed her fiercely as he lines up with her pussy. Jess could only moan as he rubbed his shaft against her lips. Rouge started pressing it against her folds. "So tight." he groaned. Jess shudders and moans out loudly at the penetration. Rogue pulled back before slamming back inside. Jess moans out in pleasure as she rubs her body to rouge's. The serpents kept up for some time, each reaching close to their limit. "I'm not gonna hold it in." groaned Rogue. With what, he hisses out loudly with Jess feeling her body getting filled. She moaned at feeling the sperm fill her womb. It kept up for a little while until he starts to finally let up.
At the same time, Drake and Alice cries out as well, reaching their climaxes. Soon he filled her womb up as well. Drake looks at Alice, "Think you can take two?" "Maybe." Drake smiles and looks at Rouge "Up for a little three way?" "Bring it." grinned the Arbok. She slips out of Jess and approaches the two. Drake held Alice up as Rogue rubbed the tip of his cock against her pussy. He started to push in as Drake did too. Alice cried out at the feeling of another cock in her. The two slide into her slowly to make sure she wasn't hurt. "So tight." groaned Rogue. "You..You both are inside me. So thick." Alice moans out as she squeezes around their length. "I can barely move." grunted Drake. Despite this, he tries to go up and down in her. Alice moaned at feeling her pussy getting stuffed.
The two squeezes around her body as they thrust into her in a steadily increasing pace. "I'm gonna lose it." groaned Rogue. The two thrust harder and faster into her as they were close to their second orgasm. "Get ready." warned Drake. Then the two growled out as they began to fill her with their seed. Alice had her mouth open in a silent moan at feeling more sperm inside her. Her belly starts to bulge out from the amount. Drake and Rogue slid out as she laid on the two look at Jess and smiled as they headed towards her.
(Two hours later.)
The four were laying on the ground panting from the long sex. "Wow..." panted Rogue. The females had cum leaking out of their holes and both have bulging bellies. "I think it worked." spoke Drake. "It'll probably be a few months until we're pregnant and they'll be born." Alice said to them rubbing her stomach. "So...much." panted Jess. Drake looks at the three and said, "We should do this more often." "Definitely." grinned Rogue. The females nodded as well as they take a moment to recover before heading off to their kingdoms.


Team Charm

Team Charm
A exploration team explores a ruins to find the mysterious mega stones that help pokemon reach further power, but they also stumble into something more.

* * *

Stone ruins and collapsed walls surrounded the area of the ruins. Three pokemon trekked past them and down a long flight of stairs. There on a pedestal was a large mirror. One of the members, the leader Lopunny, walk towards the mirror. "Be careful." spoke another member, who was a Gardevoir. "The only thing here is this big mirror." Lopunny said looking around then at her reflection. "Are you sure this is where you heard the mega stones were located?" she ask the third member, Medicham. "Yes, the info said they were located in this chamber." Lopunny thinks about it while looking at the mirror. Gardevoir and Medicham walked till they're next to her in front of the mirror.
When they're all in front of the mirror, the reflection started to change. Each one now stared at the mega form of their species. "What?" they said to the reflections as they're shinys as well. They stared in shock as their reflections move on their own and started to push through the mirror. Before team charm can do anything, the arms grabbed them and pulled them in the mirror.
The three open their eyes to see that their some kind of distorted dimension. "Where are we?" asked the Lopunny. "I don't know." Gardevoir said trying to say calm. Then the doppelgangers appear masturbating until their cocks appear out of their pussys. Each of the girls blushed at the sight of the throbbing cocks. The Medicham and Gardevoir clones went and charged at their originals. Both jumped back as Lopunny ran from her own. The real one's trying to use their psychic powers against them, but their's are more stronger. Soon the copies had them restrained. Lopunny gasp at the scene, "Hold on!" she tries to go after them. But she tripped up by her counterpart.
Lopunny was grabbed from behind as she watches her friends/teammates being penetrated by their clones. Gardevoir gritted her teeth as her clone gripped her hips while fucking her doggy style, while Medicham was on her back with the clone thrusting and groping her breast. Lopunny looked up as her clone licked her lips. The clone moved her original's arms so they were hanged up by her long ears, her legs were spread apart by her arms and her big fluffy ears were held in her counterpart's back-embrace as she moves her fingers to massage Lopunny's pussy. Lopunny tried to drown it out, but the feeling of her clone's fingers between her legs was hard to ignore.
The Lopunny clone smiles at the original's face. "Why are you three here? What do you want?" it ask in a calm and young voice. "W-We came here for stones." moaned Lopunny. "Ohh...Why?" she ask nibbling Lopunny's neck. "T-T-to get stronger!" cried out Lopunny. "Are strong enough to help your friends?" She looked at them who have came and are filled with their counterparts' cum. Lopunny was stunned and began to feel her clone's cock rub against her pussy. Lopunny breathes in and out deeply, near to her orgasm as she looks at the sexually exhausted Gardevoir and Medicham, and then loudly moans out, "Yes, I am... Oh... Ah... I'm cumming~!" And she came. Her clone held her up and licked her fingers clean.
"How sweet. Let's have more fun." She said turning her around so they were face to face. She positioned so Lopunny was on four legs with the clone's cock under her pussy. "B-but I'm a virgin." spoke Lopunny. "It'll be okay. You'll enjoy it." the clone said as she started to push Lopunny down. Lopunny saw the tip slowly push in and bit her lip. The clone hit the hymen and let her prepare a bit before pushing against it. Lopunnny gasped as she felt the tip get through.
The other two clones watched the scene and smirked, wanting more fun. They looked at the originals to see they're quite exhausted so they decided to go with the Lopunny. So they bind Gardevoir and Medicham together with glowing pink psychic rope. The two were in an unflattering position, making them look like they're having tribadism. Lopunny panted as her clone got have her cock inside. Her view turn into the clone Gardevoir in front if her holding her cock in front of Lopunny. Lopunny soon found the cock sliding into her mouth. She blushes as she can taste the meat in her mouth. Lopunny then feels paws on her ass as she turns to see the Medicham clone behind her. She grinned before pushing the tip into Lopunny's ass. Lopunny let out a moan from the penetration as the clone even started leaning down, groping her breast while pressing her own on Lopunny's back. "T-Too big!" moaned Lopunny around the cock in her mouth. "Aw but it looks like you're enjoying yourself." Lopunny clone said teasingly. Lopunny moaned as she felt each one thrust faster.
The original Gardevoir and Medicham look at their leader's/friend's situation, seemingly sexually helpless to save her. Gardevoir tried to help escape their bondage, but every movement she makes causes her pussy to grinded against Medicham, which they moan from it. Medicham has a odd expression on her face. "What's wrong?" asked Gardevoir. "There's something inside my womb. Can you feel it too?" asked Medicham. Gardevoir took a moment and then felt something as well, so she nods. Feeling concerned they they're pregnant, they checked to see if it's true. They both gasped at feeling that they were. Also with that, they also feel some strange power radiating from the area. Soon the two glow into a bright rainbow-ish light. Lopunny saw this from her position. The light faded and she gasp as she sees her two friends in their mega forms. 'W-What?' she thought. They look at each other to see that the other has changed. "W-W-We mega-evolved." gasped Gardevoir.
Medicham was wide mouthed at the scene as well as the increased power she feels. With this, they were able to break out of their bondage. The two headed off to the group as all three clones had their climax. Lopunny gasped as she felt all her holes get filled. The copies all collapsed on the floor but Lopunny was still on all fours as she glowed a rainbow-ish light and Mega Evolved into her own Mega version. "Wow." she gasped. Lopunny looked over herself in her mega form, but then the area around them starts to shake. "What's going on?" asked Lopunny. All the sudden, all three collapsed as the dimension distorts around them.
They all woke up in their regular forms outside the dungeon. "Did...that really happen?" asked Lopunny. The other two shrug their heads as they all felt something in their wombs. "Did we get knocked up?" asked Medicham. "Maybe, but I feel something else inside. Something round." Gardevoir said. "Like?" "A small sphere of some kind." she said as she tries to push it out. As she does this, the other two had a same feeling as well. "Same here." groaned Medicham. The three tried pushing it outwards until something popped out of them. The three cleaned the liquid off and gasped as the picked up their own mega stones. "Mega Stones?!" gasped Lopunny. "How they got in us? On second thought, I don't think I wanna know." Medicham said. "Well, we got them so it's a successful mission, and it was fun to be honest." Lopunny said. "So home?" asked Gardevoir. "Let's head to the hot springs before we head home. I can use a soak." Lopunny said. "Good idea." The three friends smiled and headed off to the hot spring.


(M)Totodile X (F)Chikorita

male Totodile and a female Chikorita
A Totodile was swimming in the river as he saw a beautiful Chikorita smelling a flower.

* * *

He looks at the chikorita's body as they talk. 'So warm looking.' Totodile thought. He felt himself blushing as he found the grass type pretty. "Why's your face red?" she asked. Totodile heard her voice and snapped from his thoughts as he shakes his head. "Just a little warm." "You sure? It's not very hot here." she pointed out. "Probably the water." "I took a drink from it recently, it was cool." she said. The water type sighs as he had no other things to say, so he decides to tell her the truth. "Actually, I came over cause I saw you." "And as we were talking, I found you pretty." Chikorita blushed at hearing that. "You think I'm pretty?" she ask with a blush as well. He nodded.
She smiles and move to him so she's nuzzling his head. He blushed at her move. "No one complimented me like that before." "I'm shocked." Chikorita looks at him. "At what?" "No one did that before." Chikorita looks at him in confusion. "Compliment you." She blushes at the words. "Thank you for that. I need to repay you somehow." "Oh you don't need to do that." "Yes I do. Whatever you like." He blushed as he started to think up a few things. She wait patiently as he thinks.
"I have one." he said. "What is it?" she ask him. "Mating." Chikorita blush a bit from the idea of mating, she shifts side to side nervously. "Sorry, it was stupid." "N-no it's not that. It's just... I never mated with anyone before." she admitted "Neither have I." They both blush a bit before Chikorita said. "How you want to do this?" "Not sure." Chikorita then decided to turn around and spread her legs to he can see her vagina and anus.
He blushed and couldn't help but poke her vagina. She yelp as the claw poked her folds, sending a tingle through her body. "So warm." he muttered rubbing the folds. Chikorita moans out softly as he rubs the folds softly. "C-can you go on now?" she ask him. He nodded as his own cock stood erect. He climb over her so he's on her back with his cock near her entrance. "Please be gentle with me?" she said softly. "I will." he nodded before moving forward. Chikorita feels the tip touching her before it starts to slide into her. She bit her lip as it easily pushed through her hymen.
Tears start to form in her eyes as the pain spreads around her. He stayed still at seeing the blood. She recovers a bit as she turns to him. "It's okay. You can continue again." He nodded and started to slowly move back and forth. Chikorita let out a soft moan as the pleasure slowly increases. "So hot." he grunted. Chikorita nods as she murrs out. "You're so thick." He blushed before going faster. She releases vines to wrap around him in a hug. He took that as a sign to go faster.
Soon she feels him going deeper and she grips around his shaft more as she moans louder. "Harder!" With that Totodile grip her shoulders and thrust harder in her, slowly getting close to his climax. "Don't stop!" she moaned. He goes harder and faster as his cock twitches in her. "Inside!" He nods and release his seed inside her womb. Both cried out in bliss at the feeling. Totodile lay on the ground after exiting out of him. "So much." panted Chikorita. She lays next to him as she ask, "How was it?" "Awesome." Chikorita smiles as she went to nuzzle his head again, just for him to kiss her when she got close. She was stunned and had a bright blush on her face. Totodile shares the same blush as he kisses her tenderly.
Soon they both pulled back. "Would like to do this again sometime?" he ask her tiredly. "Uh huh." she nodded. The two embrace into a hug as they close their eyes for a nap.

* * *

Sorry that I have been updating less often. I recently started working and it took out a lot in me. I'll try to put up more as soon as possible.


(M)Pancham X (M)Chespin

(M)Pancham X (M)Chespin
Pancham and Chespin have been rivals since the day Serena caught Pancham. They're usually fighting with each other, though one fight leads to something rather different when they find themselves aroused.

* * *

Two trainers were walking down a path together. These two were Serena and Clemont. The two were traveling together with their pokemon walking next to them. A Pancham and Chespin. "So what you want to do?" Clemont ask. "Not sure." replied Serena. Clemont look up to the sky. "The sky is beautiful. How about we camp out?" "Sounds good." nodded Serena.
The two started setting up camp as their pokemon gave each other stares. "Get out of my face." growled the Pancham. "You first." Chespin replied back with a growl of his own. "Make me." The grass type then lunges at the dark/fighting type. Pancham was ready and caught Chespin. He threw him over him as he used the grass type's momentum. Chespin though was stubborn and tackled him. The two became rivals ever since their respected trainers caught them. They'd fight whenever they glared at the other.
The two were rolling around in the grass as they fight. "Give up!" growled Pancham. "Never!" Chespin fired back as he bit Pancham's arm. "Ah!" cried Pancham. This cause the dark type to kick Chespin off him. Chespin fell on his back as Pancham jumped on him.
He stares into his eyes as Chespin tries to get him off himself. As they fought, Chespin felt something poking him. "What's that?" He looks down to see what it was and he gasp. Pancham was sporting an erection. He could't believe it and as he looked, he also noticed he was sporting one as well. "W-what the?" Chespin got out. "You got hard!" spoke Pancham. "I can say the same for you!" Chespin said to him.
Chespin looks at him nervously at him. They need to do something. "I bet I can screw you better." He turn to see Pancham smirking at him, "What?" chespin ask. "I can fuck you easy and not even cum. You though would cum from each thrust." "Yeah right! You wouldn't last 10 seconds before you get off!" he fired back. "Is that a challenge?" "We'll have a test to see who can hold on before one climax. The winner takes the loser's virginity. Deal?" he said confidently. "It's on." grinned Pancham.
He looks at the camp the trainers finished and decide to lead him to a secluded area so they wouldn't watch them. After getting away, Pancham gabbed Chespin and made him get on his knees. Chespin was surprised at the sudden movements. "Suck." growled Pancham. Chespin thought about letting him fall for it, but he wasn't like that. "Actually you lose if you climax." "Good point." grinned Pancham before pushing Chespin on his back and grabbing a hold of his cock. "Ahh!" he said as he feels his hands rubbing his shaft. "Let's try this." Pancham moved forward and started licking the underside. Chespin was concern as to how to fight back. He let out a moan as Pancham began to suck on the tip.
'That's it. I can't lose to him!" Chespin then pushes him on his back. Before Pancham could stop him, Chespin started moving his mouth on top of his cock. Pancham shudders as he feels him sucking on his cock. He however, was stronger and flipped Chespin on his back and held his ass up before he started licking Chespin's anus. Chespin flinches at the feeling of his tongue licking at his hole. Pancham pulled back and began to stuff two of his claws into the hole.
Thinking quick, he sprouts two vines from him and have one wrap around the small panda's penis. Pancham groaned as Chespin moved the vine up and down. Pancham groaned, but started going faster as he licked and fingered Chespin's ass. He uses his second vine to move around and rub between Pancham's ass cheeks. Chespin tries to focus his mind away from pleasure as he lengthens his vines so he can rub his balls as well.
Pancham groaned, but saw Chespin's cock start to twitch. Chespin gets worried and he tries to double his effort, but his efforts though weren't enough as he cried out as his dick twitched and spray over his face.
Chespin pants as his seed drips off his face. "I win." grinned Pancham. Chespin groans, but lowers his head in defeat and sigh. "Yeah, you win." "Now let's see how your ass feels." grinned Pancham rubbing his erect cock. Pancham set his ass down before he prodded the tip against the anus.
Chespin prepares himself for this as he takes a deep breath. Pancham moved forward and groaned at how tight it was. Chespin winces out as Pancham's cock enters him, taking his virginity.
"So tight." groaned the panda pokemon. Chespin moans in response of his words as he feels full. "How does it feel?" grinned Pancham. Chespin shudders a bit as he said. "It's actually very good." "Then how about this!"
Pancham gripped Chespin's hips as he started going rougher. Chespin gasp at the sudden actions as his cock flops. "Man, you just love this." chuckled Pancham. Chespin groans, he does like it he admit it. Not as much as he thinks though.
"Now let's see how this feels." Pancham reached down and began rubbing Chespin's cock. He gasp at the grip as Pancham pumps him. "How does this feel?" Pancham ask him. Chespin keeps quiet as he pants in pleasure a bit. "I think you're starting to tighten up." grinned Pancham. Chespin looks at him with a red face. "I guess I am."
Pancham kept going before groaning as he started cumming in Chespin's ass. The two pant as they recover from the actions. "Told you I was better." Chespin looks at him. "For now at least, but next time you won't be so lucky!" Chespin said to him. "We'll see."
Chespin gets up and head back to camp with Pancham. "You're alright." "And you're ass is tight." "Just wait till you're at the receiving end." he teases. "Not gonna happen." "We'll see." with that, they reach the camp and rest for the night with their trainers.

* * *

I'll be taking a break from Poke and Digipartners to work on my Persona 5 Fanfic. Will come back after I reach 12 chapters.


M Tyhlosion X F Blaziken

M Tyhlosion X F Blaziken, Anthro
Summary: After ending a match at a draw, two rivals decide to end a year long rivalry and release some sexual frustration on each other.

* * *

Two strong Flamethrowers clashes against one another from two fire types. They been having at it for years now, the two fighting at the best of their abilities. The cause of these moves was from a male Tyhlosion and female Blaziken. The Typhlosian uses flamethrower and the Blaziken uses fire spin. The two attacks clashed head on as both fighters battle their hardest. The two pant as the fatigue is getting to them both, but they refused to let up. Typhlosion went and uses flare blitz while the Blaziken uses flare kick. The collision caused a large explosion.
The explosion knocks them back as they fell to the ground. "Not...yet." panted the Typhlosion. He tries to get up again, but his muscles won't let him. The Blaziken grinned, but couldn't move. "No... Not yet!" she grunted. "Admit it. I won." growled the other fire type. "You're in no better state than I'm in!" Blaziken calls out to him. "I got plenty of spirit left!" he boast. "Oh yeah, then why you're still lying on the ground?!" "I could ask you the same question! But I won't since I'm the better man!"
Blaziken groans as neither of them are able to continue fighting, "Let's call it a draw." "Heh, scared ya lost." "None of us can get up, how can we fight?" "Good point." he said as he struggles to get back on his feet. The Blaziken tried to follow his lead. The two are hunched out in pain from the battle.
She felt that this whole rivalry as been so long, she could change this outcome. "Let's settle this a different way?" The Typlosion looks at her curious, "What do you mean?" "I know how we can end this rivalry." "Oh? How can we end it?" he ask."Endurance.""Endurance?" he ask her. "Whoever can out last the other one wins." "But we already battle, I don't think I can go for another round." Typhlosion noted. "Chicken." grinned the Blaziken. Typhlosion scowls at the words. "I am no chicken! All right, what you got?"
The Blaziken grinned before spreading her legs. Typhlosion blushes as the bird fire type shows her pussy to him. "Well?" she asked. He goes to her as he realize what she meant. Seeing her pink folds made his pink member stand at attention. He went down over her as they lay in a missionary position. "I'm waiting." With that, he lined his cock up to her entranced and thrust in quick. "Ah." The typhlosion groans as he feels the warm, tight feeling of the Blaziken's pussy as he pulls out and thrust back in. The Blaziken moaned a little at how thick and large his cock was. "Too big for ya?" "Hardly." she retorts He smirks. "Then can you handle this?" he then started thrusting harder and faster in her. The Blaziken let out a gasp at how much energy he had to pick up this speed.
He felt her wrap her arms around him as he thrust into her. She grips around her cock with her vaginal muscles. "Don't stop." she got out. He grunts as he keeps going, lifting her up into a sitting position. "AHH!" she moaned moving her hips against his own. He groans loud as he can feel his limit slowly growing in him. The Blaziken noticed as she felt his dick start to twitch. He growls out as he starts to feel his seed come out and spill in her pussy. He held her down before growling out as his seed shot into her. She moans out at the feeling as she reaches her climax as well. Her juices sprayed onto his lap.
The two start panting as the two lay down to rest from their actions. "How was that?" Typhlosion looks at the Blaziken. "You were impressive." "You were pretty decent yourself." He smiles as he helps her up to her feet. "You like to try our endurance test again sometime." Typhlosion ask her with a smile. "Count on it." The two smile at the through of things they could be doing in the future.

* * *

I'll be adding a couple of chapter in for a break, then I'll head back to persona 5.


Jackal(M Ampharos)X Alice(F Monferno)

Jackal(M Ampharos)X Alice (F Monferno)
A brother and sister shares feelings deeper than familial kind to each other, but both are too scared to admit it to the other. During the camping trip however, the two finally confess, and it leads to a intimate moment.

* * *

The sun was shining through a window as a young Ampharos was sorting things through his pack. He needed to get everything ready for a camping trip. Jackal got sleeping bags, some food, change of clothes, and a fold-able tent. "That's everything."
As he leaves his room, someone was outside. It was a Monferno with a matching pack. "Hi Jackal. Ready to go?" she ask. "Yup." The Monferno, Alice smiles and walk down the stairs. "Mom, Dad, we're heading out camping." "Be careful!" called their mom.
They nod as they leave home and head to the forest. All the while Jackal looked at Alice's ass. He smiled at the tone cheeks she has. He quickly looked away though with a guilty look. 'What am I thinking? My own sister? Cut it out!' he scolded himself as he walks.
All the while Alice looked at him in the corner of her eye. Noticing he's in a lot of thought. 'What's on his mind?' She also look over the Electric types body. 'It looks so comfy.' She thought as she admire her brother's fur. 'I could sleep on it forever.' She began even daydreaming the scene, but then snap out of it. 'What are you thinking?! You can't be thinking that about your brother!' she thought as they reached the forest. "I'll get the tent set up." spoke Jackal. "I'll get the water." Alice said. With that, the two spread out.
Jackal was getting the fold-able tent out and started spreading it out as Alice was getting water with the buckets. The sky was filled with bird type music as they think about the fun times they'll have. Like swimming together, stargazing at night, sleeping in the same tent, cuddling each other for warmth, trailing their hands across the other, nuzzling each other softly, kissing each other, their hands reaching for the other's-They shook their heads at that. 'This is ridiculous! Why am I thinking this?' they both thought. Sighing, they went back to their task.
Soon they met back up. "Alice how it went?" Jackal ask. "Pretty easy." she responded. "Glad to hear. So was my work." He said showing the campsite. "Great work." smiled Alice. The two embrace each other into a hug. Both not wanting to break it. Though Jackal does so after a little while. "So what are you up for? "Not sure." she shrugs her shoulder. "Come on, what you like to do? Anything that pops to your head." he said reassuringly. "Maybe fishing?" she offered. He takes out 2 fishing rods. "Fishing it is." Both took one as they walked to the stream.
When they stop, he applied baits for both of them and they set them in the water. Now they waited. After a little while, the silence was getting to Jackal. He looks at Alice to see how she's doing. She was calm and relaxed while holding the pole loosely. He moves near her. "Make sure you hold on tight just in case." "I know." He smiles at the words. "Doing good." "Thanks." Alice gave him a sweet smile that always get him to blush. "Such a cute smile." he said. That made her own face blush. "T-thank you. You're quite handsome yourself." she told him. Now he felt his own face turn bright crimson.
The two were feeling warm all of the sudden. Jackal turns to Alice. "Uh... Alice? I think I need to talk to you." he said shakily. "Me too." she admitted. They take their rods and headed back to camp. When they arrived, Jackal turns to him, "Have you been feeling a little embarrassed about whenever I complimented you?" "Yes, you?" "Yeah me too. When you called me handsome, I felt my cheeks turning red." "I liked it when you called me cute." Jackal smiles at her, but then felt his heart lighten. "It's weird, we're family, but I feel something inside me." he closes his eyes as he finishes. "Me too." she smiled. "But I don't know what it is." he said, unaware of his sister slowly coming closer. "I might know." He opens his eyes, "You do?" but then was surprised at seeing Alice is close to him. "Yes." she whispered before pressing her lips against his.
Jackal was shocked at the action, but was shocked even more at the fact he hugged her as well. Alice moaned and hugged him back. Jackal moans as well, but then pull back, "W-where did that come from?" "I went with my gut." "I see, then it's true." he admit. Alice looks at him when he said tha as he adds, "We're in love... with each other." "I like it." she said with a smile. Jackal smiles. "I like it as well." he then went and kiss her again. She eagerly pulled him closer while returning it.
Jackal looks at her as she tightens their hug. Seeing this, he picks her up. She blushed at feeling him hold her like this. He separates a bit. "It seems you like cuddling." "Can you blame me?" Jackal smiles. "I don't know why?" he teasingly mocks confusion. "Your fur." He smiles as he brought her closer too him. "I'll be happy to give you that." Alice smiled and rubbed her head against his chest.
Jackal can feel himself getting hard as they continue cuddling. 'Oh boy.' he thought. "I think we should stop now." "Why?" "W..Well you see... I kinda..." he said shakily. "You're a virgin?" "A-aren't you?" "Well, yeah.""I-I mean, I actually gotten hard. I need some time to calm down." "Oh really?" she purred. "Uh... yeah." Jackal said, getting nervous at her tone. "I better fixed that." she whispered. "Wh-what?"
She trailed a hand down his chest and between his legs. "A-Alice.." he whispered. She just grinned while rubbing his groin. "Ahh!" "Not bad." she grinned. Jackal blushes and started to moan a bit as he feels her sister's paws on his shaft. "Nice and big." Jackal places his hand on her head and rubs it softly. "What are you going to do?" he ask her. "Relieve you of tension." "How so?" Alice then opens her mouth and take his cock in.
He gasped at what she just did. He found her mouth warm as he can hear sucking noises from her. He couldn't help but rub her head. Alice looks up at him and smiles, seeing he enjoyed it. So she starts licking around it more. He hissed at the feeling. After a moment, she moves off of it. Leaving the dick slick. "Why'd you stop?" "Well as I was doing this, I became wet myself." she said as Alice stands up, her slit dripping to prove her point. He stared at it in awe. "Alice, are you saying..." "Lick it." Jackal smiles at her as he lays her on the ground, going along with the feeling he has. He spread her legs to get a closer look.
He sees the pink folds and went forward and started licking. Alice gasped at feeling his tongue. Jackal murrs at the sweet taste of her pussy and started licking and kissing it softly. Alice moaned and squirmed from his tongue. He places his hands on her and feel around her body as he licks. She moaned as she started to move her hips against his tongue. She panted from how close she was.
Soon he separated from her, leaving her slit wet. "Do you want to move on?" he ask her. "Yes." she nodded. Jackal picks her up gently into a hug, bringing their bodies close. She shuddered at feeling his cock close against her snatch. "Once we go through with this, there's no going back." he warns her feeling her heat. "Are you sure about this?" "Yes. Take me." she begged. Jackal smiles as he starts to slowly push into her pussy. She bit her lip at feeling him move in. He push her downward slowly until his tip touch her hymen. She nodded her head before he kept going. He push down harder until he felt the hymen tore open for him.
She hissed while he rubbed her back. "I'm sorry! Should I stop?" he ask quickly in concern. "No, give me a minute." Jackal nods and wait for her, licking her forehead softly. "Ok, go ahead." Jackal hears this and started lifting her up and down along his shaft slowly and gently. "Ah!" she moaned. Jackal moans as well, "You're so warm inside Alice. I can feel your heat." he said in her ear. "Don't stop." He nods and kept pumping his cock in his sister's pussy.
Jackal moans out as move his hand so he can see her face. "You look so cute." he said blushing. "And you're so good." she moaned back. The two smiled as their faces came closer to each other. They closed their eyes before kissing. Jackal slips his tongue in her mouth and wrap around Alices as he increases his speed and strength in his thrusting. "Keep going!" she moaned. He nods and pants as he makes her bounce on his thick cock. "Keep moaning. I want to hear your sweet moans." he cries out. Alice shuddered at hearing that as she kept bouncing.
Jackal can feel his limit coming towards him, he briefly thought about pulling out, but sounded weird. "Alice, I need to cum in your pussy." he said to her. "W-What?" "I need to cum inside you." he said going faster. "B-but are you sure?" she asked moaning. Jackal looks at her as for what she meant by that. "I could get pregnant." "I-I know, but I still want to cum inside you." he said with a moan. "If you still don't want me too though, I'll pull out." he said to her kindly. Alice thought that over, she does care about him, and the fact he's giving her a choice means he does as well. "Go ahead." Jackal smiles as he went and kiss her deeply while moaning as he climax. Alice moaned at feeling the sperm.
Jackal lay down on the ground still inside and hugging Alice. "So hot." she moaned. Jackal hugs her deeply. "I like it too. Thank you for giving me your virginity." he said rubbing her head. "Thank you for giving me your sperm." The two share a loving kiss as he carries her to their tent.
4 months later.
Alice rubbed her belly with a smile. Near her, her brother was next to him rubbing it as well smiling. "What do you think? Boy or girl?" asked Alice. "I don't know. I'll be happy with either. No matter what happens though, I'm happy to be with you." he said warmly. The two siblings smile as Jackal climbs into her bed and embraces her gently and gave her a loving kiss.

* * *

I'm back to adding to Poke/Digipartners. Sorry for the long wait.


Male Nidorino X various M

Male Nidorino X various M
A lone Nidorino wonders what it's like to be a girl, so a Nidoqueen who heard about this offers him a helping hand.

* * *

We find ourselves at a regular daycare.
Multiple pokemon around are playing with each other, having fun.
All except for a lone Nidorino.
He was holding his hands together nervously.
He felt uncomfortable being here considering he wasn't like most Nidorino.
He's pretty shy and quiet most of the time.
But he also didn't feel like a true male.
Sure he looks it, but inside is different for him.
He always felt out of place among the males and felt jealous of the Nidorina.
"I wish I could know how it feels..." he said to himself
"Something wrong?" asked a female's voice in front of him.
He snapped out of his thoughts as he looks to see who it was
It was a Nidoqueen who looked concerned.
"Huh?"
"You look sad."
"Oh well, I was lost in thought." he answered.
"About what?"
He looks away for a moment and said. "Well I... um.. I feel like I'm different from all other Ninorinos." he admits.
"How so?"
"I feel more feminine."
"How do you mean?"
"I'm jealous of Nidorinas and I feel like I don't belong with Nidorinos." he answered.
"Do you feel weaker than them? Feel not as dominating as them?"
"Yeah that's right."
"Hmm, it's mating season around here. Do you feel like finding a girl isn't what you want?"
He nods his head.
"You want to be dominated by a male, don't you?" she grinned at seeing him blush a little.
"Yes."
"Well, I'm gonna help you experience being a girl." grinned the Nidoqueen.
He then looks up to her, "Really? How?" he ask, sounding a little happy.
She smiled and pulled out a pink bow and tied it around his ear.
Nidorino looked and saw the bow, "Whoa!' he touches the cute bow.
"Now wait here. I'll be back with a friend." grinned the Nidoqueen walking over to the other side of the daycare.
He waits while looking in a lake at his face.
He looked up when he saw the Nidoqueen come back with a large Nidoking beside her.
Nidorino looks shocked at seeing his further evolved pokemon of himself.
"This him?" asked the Nidoking turning to his female counterpart.
"Yes. He's the one." she answers.
"Not bad." grinned the ground and poison type looking over the Nidorino.
Nidorino blushes at the pokemon's eyes looking him over.
"I think I can make it work." he nodded.
"What work?" he ask confused.
"I told him he'd be teaching you what it's like to be on the bottom." purred the Nidoqueen as she rubbed the Nidoking's crotch.
"B-but I don't know if I can take him. he's big." he shivers.
"That's why I'll help." grinned Nidoqueen as she began to lick the sides of Nidoking's cock.
Nidorino blushes as Nidoking groans in pleasure.
His cock started to get bigger and harder while Nidorino stared at the huge cock.
He walks to it and starts to rub the shaft.
He was stunned at how warm it was and how it pulsed in his hand.
His face started to blush as he rubs it more.
"Not bad." grinned the Nidoking.
Nidorino smiles as he continues rubbing.
"Alright, bend over." ordered the Nidoqueen.
Nidorino shudders. "I don't know, it's still big."
"Trust me." she grinned.
But he stands there nervous about it.
The Nidoqueen sighed and made him bend over a small fence before she spread his ass and began lapping at his anus.
He gasp and blushes as he feels her tongue licking around his hole, feeling ticklish from it.
The Nidoqueen pulled back with a grin. "There. All lubed up."
Nidorino shivers, but stayed in the position as she said that.
The Nidoking rubbed his tip against the anus before pushing forward.
Nidorino wince and moan out as the tip spreads his hole open for the cock to enter him.
"Fuck! Too tight." grunted the Nidoking.
Nidorino looks up to see him over him as he take quick breaths.
The Nidoqueen got down near his hard cock and began licking it to help him relax.
Nidorino gasp at the actions and moans in pleasure at the licking and fucking.
The Nidoking managed to slide half his cock inside as the Nidorino managed to loosen up a little.
The smaller poison type blushes and tries to push back to his shaft.
"Nice and snug." grunted the Nidoking as he began to move back and forth.
"You're so big." he said lustfully as he feels his ass widen and spread around his shaft.
"This is the tightest ass I've ever fucked." he growled going in deeper.
Nidorino let out a loud moan as he's pumped in all the way.
The Nidoqueen kept sucking his dick while his ass was filled.
The larger poison type smirk as he listens to the moans from he preevolved form.
"He sure does sound like a bitch in heat."
"Is this who you really are? A slut who wants to be dominated?"
"Yes! Oh Arceus yes!" he moaned.
He smiles wider as he increases his pace.
"Gonna cum." he grunted.
Nidorino shudders and groans as all this causes him to climax as well.
The Nidoqueen eagerly swallowed his cum.
He starts to pant, but he gets out quickly from the Nidoking continues pumping.
Nidoking let out a growl as he reaches his limit.
He buried himself inside the Nidorino before he started cumming.
Nidorino shudders as his thick cum starts spewing into his ass.
The Nidoking stayed inside for a little bit.
Nidorino pants and drools as he feels full from his cock.
"How'd it feel?" grinned the Nidoqueen.
Nidorino pants as he says. "It was amazing! Wonderful!"
Getting a smile, nidoqueen said, "Wait here." and leaves for a bit.
The Nidorino took the chance to catch his breath.
Nidoking backs away, slipping out of Nidorino's ass.
His extra sperm dripped from the gaping anus.
"That was amazing!" he repeated.
Nidoqueen came back with two pokemon this time.
One a Machop, the other a Houndour.
"H..Hi." Nidorino said shyly.
"I told them they could have some fun with you." grinned the Nidoqueen.
"What are you two interested in?" he ask with a wink.
"Having a piece of that sweet ass." grinned the Machop as they both stared at his gaping anus.
Nidorino moves his hand to feel his anus. 'Can I take them both?'
"Come on. Some females take numerous cocks in mating season." purred the Nidoqueen.
"I suppose I can take them. So think you two big boys can satisfy me?" he ask lustfully at the two.
"Try and stop us." grinned the Houndour.
He playfully tries to escape their pursuit. Not going to be easy this time.
He started lightly running with the two chuckling before running after him.
The two caught up with him and stood in between him.
"Oh no." mocked the Nidorino in fake distress with a grin.
The Houndour in front of him approaches him, a wide grin on his face.
The Machop held his arms from behind with a grin.
"N-No! Let me go!"
"Nope." grinned the fighting type before rubbing his length against the Nidorino's anus.
He flinches a bit as the duel type finally reach him. "What are you going to do with me?"
"Wreck that ass." growled the Houndour rubbing his tip against the anus.
Nidorino was sandwiched between the two as the rub their cocks rub each others at his cheeks.
Slowly they started to push into his gaping anus.
Nidorino moans out as both their cocks enter him, stretching his anus.
"Fuck! Tight!" groaned the Machop.
"It seems he's quite new to this." Houndour spoke.
"Then we better loosen him up." grinned the Machop.
The two thrust one after the other, going in and out of the Nidorino.
All the while he felt his mind going blank.
His tongue hangs out of his mouth as his mind was swimming in pleasure.
"Damn. I could get use to this." grunted the Houndour.
The Nidorino was moaning and drooling as he clamps his muscles around their cocks. "I need more. Go rougher with me!" he begs them.
"He said it." grinned the Machop before they started getting rougher.
The poison type moans louder from it as he push back to their thrust.
Nido's cock bounce from the force as it leaks precum.
"Take it!" growled the Houndour before cumming.
Nidorino moans out as his hot seed fills his anal tunnel to his stomach.
Machop grunted before cumming as well.
He then feels the other one climax as well, soon his belly was bloated from the amount.
He cried out as the two pulled out from his anus.
He collapses onto the ground.
"So, how was it?" grinned the Nidoqueen.
Nidorino pants as he says "It... was...wonderful!"
He got up shakily, seed spilling out of his ass.
"So I guess you want the ribbon back huh?"
"Maybe later. I see some more fun." he purred seeing a Machamp walk into the daycare.
"Huh?" he said looking at where she was looking.
Seeing the large fighting type, he smiles lustfully.


Blade(F)X Eco(H)& Petal(F)X Dyna(H)


Blade(F)X Eco(H)& Petal(F)X Dyna(H)
The two mates found trouble involving the same Pawniard with a group harrassing two pokemon, so they decided to stop them. Afterwards, they decided to let them stay to recover.

* * *

The sun was shining at Blade and Petals home. Blade was looking in a mirror as some of her fur was growing back, though her breast was still showing despite it. "Sweet." she grinned giving them a light squeeze. She starts to rub her clit in joy, which is still showing.
She turned back to where Petal was laying. The Chikorita saw her looking and winked at her. "Ready for another round?" purred Blade. The two just recently had a 69 session and it was tempting to go at it again, but then her stomach growled. "Maybe later." Petal answers "I'm gonna get some berries and water." Petal said as she gets up. Blade nodded as Petal headed out. Blade then goes into the bathroom, intending to take a shower.
Petal headed in the forest, starting to pick some berries and filling her bottles with water. That's when she spotted trouble. "What the?" she said going to investigate. She looked close to see a Pikachu and Snivy surrounded.
She recognized on of the assailants to be the Pawniard that attacked Blade before they met. Beside him were an Elekid and Houndour. "L-leave us alone." The Snivy said scared. "What do you want with us?" the Pikachu ask them. "Just to have some fun." grinned the Elekid.
Seeing what's going on, Petal went after the group. "Leave them alone!" The three turn towards Petal. "Well well well. Look what we got here." grinned the Pawniard. "It's the little plant brat who intervene last time." he said with a cocky tone. "Leave them alone." Petal demanded them. "And if I say no?" Pawniard smirked. "I'll fight you." She answers. The Pawniard looked at her for a moment, then he smirked, which turned into a laugh with the other two joining in. "What's so funny?" she glared. "Look toots, I can see that you were able to beat me, but can you honestly beat all three of us?" he ask. "Of course I can!" she growled charging at him.
The Pawniard dodged to the left and prepared a slash attack at her. She ducked and used Razor Leaf. The Pawniard took it full blast, but wasn't affected very much from it. "Nice shot, but fail." he grinned. She then felt a burn on her back as the Houndour launch ember at her. She hissed in pain and fell to the ground. She tries to get up, but then the Elekid struck her with thunder punch.
"Not so tough now." gloated the Pawniard. He climb over her as he looks at the other two. "Now we have one for each of us." he said to them, his cock visible. Petal panicked at seeing it and couldn't believe this. "NO! Help!" she cried out at seeing his smirk.
Before he could do anything, he was hit with a Water Gun. Petal look upwards to see Blade there. She smiled in relief. As the three turn to her, the three horny males awed at her slightly exposed bigger breasts and slit which was a little open due to her legs spread a little wide. "No one touches my mate." growled Blade. "Are you two alright?" Blade ask looking at the three. The other two females alongside Petal stare in awed at her beauty nodded daydreaming about her sexy body.
"Good, payback time." grinned the Pawniard. "I should be saying that to you." Blade said to him. Staying with Petal, she was trained how to fight better. The three pokemon got back up before charging at Blade. Blade smirked and went to get her scallop, which was inside her pussy. The males blushed before Blade brought out her shell.
She activated her razor shell move and launched at them. The Houndour tried using Ember, but Blade dodged and striked the houndour. He went down before the Elekid charged in with a Low Kick. Blade dodges him and attacks him as well. He crashed into a tree, leaving the Pawniard left. Pawniard flinches a bit, but still charges towards her with a slash attack. She charged to end this. The two attacks clash at each other. But Blade pushed him back. He fell on his stomach as the result of it. "Now stay down." she growled.
With that, she turn to check on the others. "Are you alright?" Before she got a answer, Blade felt a hand on her tail. She turns to see the Pawniard holding it, "All I wanted was just a kiss and orgasm from you." he stated pathetically. "Oh really?" She knocks him out with aqua tail and walks to his unconscious body. "Fine then." But then she said to him in a disciplinary but calm tone, "Although, if you wanted to have sex with me, you should've been more gentle from the start..."
"But just to make sure you won't bother us again~..." Blade places her hands on his member and started rubbing it. He groaned before his cum shot out. She gave him a quick kiss as she takes a drop and taste it, giggling. "You know, your cum didn't taste that bad~ At least, just a drop of it."
After the Pawniard passed out, she turned to the Pikachu and Snivy. "You two alright?" The three were unharmed and they got up. "Whoa, Blade~ You sure got back at that raping jerk for what he did to your fur!" Petal said giggling, not mad at her for giving the Pawniard a blowjob. "You bet your cute ass I did, though for once I'd like a cock in my slit, so long as it isn't that Pawniard."
They laughed and came to the Pikachu and Snivy, Who are you two?" they ask. "I'm Eco." The Snivy said. "And I'm Dyna." the Pikachu introduced afterwards. "You two gonna be ok?" "Well, we could like a place to rest for a while. That incident was intense." Eco explained. "You can crash at our place." "Really? Thank you." They both said her happy.
The four was eating some berries Petal got for her and petal. "Where did you two come from?" Blade ask them as the four eat. "I was kicked out of my home." spoke Dyna. "And I ran away." spoke Eco. Both becoming sad after explaining their tragic past. "Well how come?" asked Petal. "Um... Well." they look down to the ground as they pause. "Come on." urged Blade. "We don't want to talk about it now. Please?" Eco ask them. "Alright." Petal said understanding.
Blade felt bad about pushing them for more info. "Maybe we can do something to cheer them up." Blade said to petal. "Like what?" "You know what?" she replies with a grin. "Ooh, good idea." The two stand up and look at the Pikachu and Snivy, "We're gonna help you cheer up." "How?" asked Eco. "Before that, I need something done and I need Dyna's help." Blade said to them. "What is it?" Petal ask her. "Well I need to get my fur out of the way. I need her to use Iron tail to help me cut my fur." Petal looks shocked at that request. "Really? Are you sure? Your fur just finished growing." Petal ask her. Blade smiles and nods, "Yeah. Besides, I'm getting used to looking and feeling bare."
Dyna looks confused, but still walks towards her, her tail hardening to steel like. Blade use her scallop for her Razor Shell move and started cutting Blade's upper fur off. After the ordeals done, Blade's breast and nipples were showing. Blade places her paws on the and fondle them, blushing as she said. "Mmm... Ahh... It feels good to have this smooth ticklish feeling around me~..." All the others agreed as they begin to nuzzle and rub Blade's smooth shaven body, giggling altogether.
All three move back satisfied. "Alright, now we can continue." "So what do you mean by helping us cheer up?" Eco ask again. Blade approaches Eco and holds her close, rubbing her back and thighs sensually. Eco blushed at the touch. Blade moves to groping Eco's buttocks and massaging her breast. Petal walked over and pulled Dyna close before licking her neck. Dyna blushes as Petal moves down to her slit, the same thing Blade's doing to Eco. "So cute." grinned Blade.
As the two starts masturbating them, something starts to feel weird. "Hmm?" They can feel something coming out of them. They looked down and saw a cock come out from both. "Whoa!" They say surprised, but not disturbed. "This is why I ran away." Eco said sadly. "And this is why I was kicked out.." Dyna said to them as the two know know they're hermaphrodites.
"This just got better." grinned Blade. "Huh?" they didn't expect that kind of reaction. The two lower them to the ground and position themselves so their cocks are act their faces. Before either knew it, Petal and Blade started licking the lengths. The two herms moan out as they enjoy it. Petal licked the underside while Blade bobbed her head up and down.
As Eco and Dyna enjoy this, they can't help but notice that Blade and Petal are waving their ass to them rather close. "Well?" Blade and Petal ask in confusion. They reached up and cupped their asses. Blade and petal giggled at the two's hands groping them. Danya reached up and licked at the slit in front of her. Petal let out a soft moan from the action. Eco though started rubbing a finger against her slit. Blade rewarded her by sucking her faster.
Eco moaned while Petal used her vines on Dyna's cock. Dyna grips Petal's ass deeper as she licks feverishly. Soon the four found themselves feeling their limits getting closer. "I'm gonna cum." moaned Eco. "Me too." Blade said flush. All four of them kept going before crying out. The four respectively shot out their juices and seed for the other.
All of them panted while trying to lick the spills up. "Have you ever had one in a hole before?" Blade ask them. "No." Eco and Dyna said to them. Blade look at Petal and smiled. "Well today is your lucky day." "How?" Blade got off her and gone on her hands and knees while Petal lay on her back. "Come on in." she grinned.
Eco and Dyna blush at the sight, but walks to them as Eco mounted Blade and Dyna lying on top of Petal. Both moaned as the tips slowly pushed forward into them. Considering they never had this before, it was kind blowing. "So tight." groaned Eco. They soon reach their hymen and stop for a moment. "Go ahead." spoke Petal. Blade nodded in agreement as they push. Both broke through the hymens. The two cried out loudly.
Eco and Dyna were stunned at how tight they suddenly felt. "You sure are thick." Blade and Petal said to them. That made both of them blush before slowly moving. Eco hug around Blade's back, holding on her breast. "You can get a little rough." Eco smiles and starts squeezing her breast and then pinching her nipple. Eco starting sprouting two vines, one to rub Blades clit, the other to rub her own.
Dyna fucked Petal missionary while moaning. Dyna held Petal's legs as she pushed in and out. Dyna places her face between Petal's breast, licking them eagerly. Petal arched back as Dyna was licking her nipples. Petal squeals in pleasure as she pushes Chikorita also sprouted vines to tickle both their clits., getting a cute moan from the both of them. The Two herms kept playing with their partners breast as their thrusting increases. "I can't stop." groaned Eco. "Me neither." Dyna groaned out.
Both kept going faster as the feeling was addicting. "I'm... about to... cum." Eco said huskily. "Cum inside." Blade and Petal said. Eco and Dyna started thrusting harder and faster after those words. Blade and Petal moaned louder as the dicks started twitching. Dyna and Eco groaned out as they begin filling them with their cum. Blade and Petal let out silent moans at feeling the hot seed.
Even after their second orgasms, they still weren't satisfied. The two herms separated from another and went to embrace each other. After a little cuddling and groping of their breast, their cocks went back to full erect. Eco and Dyna lined up their cocks to the others pussies, then started sinking into each other. The two made a moan with a mixure of pain and pleasure, implying their virgins.
Blade watches the scene with a lustful smile. She was engrossed with the scene that she didn't noticed Petal moving to her and climbing over her. "I thought we should get to our 69 like we agreed on." Petal looks at Blades winking opening. "Seems like your already ready it seems~." she said teasingly. Petal moves down and starts licking at the folds, Blade grabs Petal's buttocks and brought her face to Petal's clit, licking it over. They can taste their juices alongside the herms seed.
After all four climax, they finish it up by grouping all together for a four way. Athough it was rather difficult to position themselves, they were able to do tribadism and grind each others pussies. The four shared their moaning and started kissing each other. The four let out a long moan as they had a powerful climax. Eco and Dyna cum like a large fountain, warm semen spraying on all four.
After they finished, the four lay on the ground. "Wow." panted Eco. "I agree." Dyna said lying over Petal "What are you two going to do after today? Any plans of places to go?" Blade ask them. "No." Eco and Dyna answers. "Well then, how bout you stay here, with the two of us?" Petal offered her. "Really?" asked Dyna with hope. "You mean like become mates?" Eco ask kinda happy. "Yup." Eco and Dyna blush at the answer, though they still nod their heads. "Sure thing. It was fun." The four smiles as they lay on the ground in each others embrace, smiling and cuddling with each other.


H Eeveeolutions

H Eeveeolutions
A Eevee is indecisive about what evolution she wants to be. Sensing this, Jirachi appears to grant her wish, though something was added in that wish.

* * *

Stars shone through the nice, peaceful night sky. A lone Eevee walked through it. She was walking through the fields, thinking about her current situation. You see, she was different than other females. She had a vagina, but also a penis. The Eevee was at the coming of age, where she needs to decide what she wants to evolve too. The problem was, she had no idea which one was better than the others.
She thought of all her possible choices: The fiery Flareon, the static Jolteon, the mysterious Umbreon, the mystical Espeon, the stylish and cool Glaceon, The elegant and calm Leafeon, and finally, the wonderous and dazzling Sylveon.
"Ohhh! They're all so wonderful looking and amazing, I can't choose!" she yells out to the sky. That's when she saw something in the sky that stood out. There was a star that was moving around. It came closer and she was stunned. The star glowed a bright light that made the Eevee close her eyes.
When she opened them, she saw Jirachi. "Wh-whoa!" the normal type was awe in seeing a legendary in front of her. "Hello little one." it said with a male voice. "Uhh...Hi." she said nervously. "You called me?" Eevee looks at the Jirachi. "I called you?" she repeated in confusion. "I could sense your distress." "Oh." she said as she got back up on all fours. "So, what do you wish?" Jirachi ask. "Wish?" she ask. "Do you desire something?"
She then recalled the problem she had. "There is one wish I have." "And that is?" "I can't decide of what evolution I want to be, so I like a way where I don't have to choose. If that's possible." Eevee said that to him. Jirachi closes his eyes for a moment, then open them with a smile. "I know how to make that happen." "Really? How?" she ask sounding hopeful.
He closed his eyes before a bright light covered them both. Soon the light faded allowing her to open her eyes. They widened as she was surrounded. Multiple eeveevolutions of each kind was here, and each one sporting a cock. She decided to take a look over herself to see what she was out of curiousity, which she was a espeon.
"Time for some fun." grinned the Vaporeon. "Huh?" The Espeon stated as looks at the water type. The other evolutions nodded before walking closer to the Espeon. "H-Hey wait, what is this?" Espeon ask them, backing away a bit. "Your wish come true." grinned the Leafeon. "Yeah but, what do you mean by fun?" She ask them. "We're gonna screw your brains out." grinned the Flareon. "What? Why?" she ask in shock, backing away a little. "We're all horny, and so are you." grinned the Glaceon pointing to Espeon's own cock poking out.
"Uhh..." Espeon blushes at that realization. "Less talk, more fuck." spoke Jolteon before flipping Espeon on her back. The Espeon gasp at the position, but doesn't resist in the slightest. The Jolteon leaned down and lightly licked the tip while Umbreon moved and ran her tongue against her pussy.
The Espeon moans in surprise pleasure. "I-I didn't ask for this though." she admited. "Do you want us to stop?" grinned the Sylveon. "Uhh... um?" Espeon blushes from the licking, unable to think. This time the Jolteon started bobbing her head while the Umbreon pushed her tongue into her folds. Espeon let out a long moan from their actions. Espeon was panting as she looks at the Sylveon.
The Jolteon and Umbreon pulled back. "Well?" repeated the Sylveon. Espeon face blush as she said. "Please... don't stop this." she admits. "I'm sorry? I can't hear you." teased Sylveon. "Please... let's keep doing this." she said a little louder. "Louder." she grinned. "Wh-what you want me to say?" she ask her in confusion. "Beg to be fucked." Sylveon grinned as she answers. Espeon blushes at that, rather embarrassed to go that far.
Sylveon nodded to the Vaporeon and Leafeon who started french kissing each other. Espeon looks at this and whimpers at such a erotic scene. "Beg and we can fuck." grinned Sylveon. Espeon closes her eyes. "Please! I need someone to take me! Take me now! Please!" she begs loudly.
The two resume licking and sucking respectively. Espeon moans as the Jolteon's cock hung in front of her. Espeon gives it a experimential lick at the meat. "That's right. Start licking." growled Jolteon shoving her cock in Espeon's mouth. Espeon groans a bit from the Jolteon's shove, but she licks it all over once it's inside her.
Soon the others got into it too. From the Leafeon sucking on Flareon's cock, to Vaporeon and Glaceon in a 69 position and licking the others cocks. The Sylveon was even teasing the Leafeon by rubbing her cock against her pussy, the whole Eeveeolutions broke into a orgy.
Espeon couldn't believe this and tensed up at feeling the Umbreon's cock against her slit. She shivered a bit in nervousness. The Umbreon grunted as she pushed forward. Espeon cries out on Jolteon's cock as Umbreon's cock enters her pussy. "So snug." groaned the dark type. Espeon panted as she sucks off Jolteon faster. The Umbreon moved her hips with more speed as the Jolteon groaned before her seed filled Espeon's mouth.
Espeon was shocked at the taste, but she stills swallows it all down. "I'm gonna cum." groaned the Umbreon. Jolteon slide out of her mouth, Allowing Espeon to breath and pant louder. The dark type groaned before her cock started filling the pussy with sperm. Espeon moans out at feeling of the thick seed spewed into her.
The Umbreon pulled out as the Jolteon took her spot. Espeon was rolling to all fours as they do that. She got on Espeon's back before slamming inside her. Espeon moans out as her pussy holds around Jolteon's cock. "Still tight." grunted the Jolteon. Espeon moans out loud from pleasure as she pushes back. Espeon was panting in lust from the fucking she's getting.
She turned to see how the others were doing. The Vaporeon is taking it from a leafeon while a umbreon is mounting someone else. Espeon can feel her partner getting close. "Take it slut!" groaned the Jolteon before cumming inside.
As she takes Jolteon's seed and she dismounts, Espeon looks around and sees the Sylveon just finishing up her partner. "Time for a little payback." Espeon focused and grabbed the Sylveon with Psychic. Sylveon panicked for a moment before seeing it's you. "Oh it's you. What are you doing?" "Time to fuck you silly." Sylveon smiles and blushes. "That's all? All you had to do is come and ask?" she said in a flirtatious tone. Espeon grinned and held Sylveon down before stalking over with a raging erection. "Would you mind licking it first? You won't regret it." Sylveon ask her lifting her tail. Espeon nodded before moving her head near the tip. She gives it a few licks. The taste was bitter, but not bad.
She licks at it a little before moving towards her slit. Sylveon moaned as Espeon licked the folds. "It's very sweet." Espeon said to her as she licks more. The Sylveon moans louder as Espeon pushed her tongue into her slit. Espeon moves back a bit, "What would you like now?" she ask her. "Fuck my pussy." "As you wish." Espeon mounted her from behind, rubbing her cock to Sylveon's pussy. Without warning, she started pushing in.
Sylveon gasp as the member starts sliding in her pussy. "Tight." hissed Espeon. She reach all the way in as the Fairy types legs quiver in intense pleasure. Espeon pulled back before pushing back in. Sylveon giggles as she moans out. "Pretty good for someone who was reluctant." she gets out. "I can't stop my hips." she moaned out. "No one's saying you should." Sylveon said as she uses her ribbons to rub over Espeon's body.
She moaned louder as she started thrusting upward against Sylveon's walls. One of her tendrils moved Espeon's face next to her own looking at her. "Kiss me." Sylveon tells her. Espeon smiles and moves towards Sylveon, planting her lips on the Fairy type. They moaned into the kiss as Espeon repeatedly pounded the fairy type's snatch.
Sylveon's juices dripped to the floor as Espeon goes harder and faster. "Faster!" moaned Sylveon. Espeon grins as she does what she said. Soon she began to feel her limit. "Do you want my seed?" Espeon ask, sporting a devilish smirk. "Yes!" Sylveon answered her. "Beg me for it!" Espeon growls out. "Please fill my slutty pussy with your seed!" Sylveon cries out. Espeon grins and started thrusting harder.
She grunted before moaning out and coated the Sylveon's insides. Espeon slided out of her and onto her slightly shaking legs. Espeon slided out of her and onto her slightly shaking legs. Espeon look around to see the others slowing down a bit. She had one more in her herself. Espeon looked around to see if anyone's available. She spotted the Flareon grinning as the Leafeon was passed out with a smile.
Espeon walks towards the fire type, moving around the others. Flareon turn to see Espeon in front of her, "What? Want me to fuck ya too?" grinned Flareon. "Maybe I came here to fuck you instead." Espeon smirked at Flareon. "Oh? And what makes you think you can handle me?" she challenged. "I'm not just a pretty face." Espeon said wit determiniation. "Bring it." Flareon taunted her.
Espeon charge towards the fire type. The Flareon dodged before tripping Espeon up. The psychic type slipped and fell on her back. Flareon pounced and started grinding their cocks together. "Oomph!" Espeon grunted from the impact, then she started to moan from the grinding. "Now I take the lead." Flareon said sporting a cocky smirk. "Are you so certain?" Espeon said smirking. "Damn straight." Flareon begins aiming her cock to Espeon's ass.
Espeon grins and her jewel starts to glow. Flareon was pulled up with Espeon grinning. She brought flareon close to her. "I say a new attitude is in order." Espeon's eyes glowed for a hypnosis. Flareon tried struggling, but slowly started to calm down. "There now. How do you feel?" Espeon ask sweetly. "Relaxed." Flareon replied in a calm tone. "So is there anything you like right now?" "One thing." Flareon tells her. Espeon smiles. "What is it?" "Fuck me." "Are you sure?" Espeon said walking towards her. "Yes." Flareon said submissively.
"On your back then please?" Espeon said nuzzling her head. Flareon obeyed and spread her legs. Espeon moves over Flareon and rubs her cock to her entrance. Flareon moaned before Espeon lined it up. "Hope you enjoy it." Espeon said before starting to sink in her. Flareon bit her lip as it pushed into her tight snatch. Espeon murrs out from the feeling. "So warm inside." "Thank you." Flareon blushed.
Espeon kept thrusting slowly in Flareon, enjoying the moment. "So hot." she hissed. Espeon murrs and move down to nuzzle the fire types fur. She eagerly returned it and moaned as Espeon went harder. As she does this, she gasp as she felt a tongue licking her folds, feeling lot more moister than usual. The one licking her pussy was Vaporeon who was being fucked in the ass by Leafeon.
The four of them moan as the Vaporeon said, "Could you pull out for a bit?" "Why?" pouted Leafeon. "You'll see." Vaporeon said teasingly. Leafeon reluctantly pulled out. Vaporeon smiles as she then mounts the Espeon, the psychic type feeling her moist body on top of her. "I hope you don't mind one more sweetie?" she ask in a cute tone. Espeon nodded as Vaporeon started pushing in.
Vaporeon adjusted their position so her body was lower for Leafeon. "All right Leafeon, come on in~." she said huskily. Leafeon grinned before pouncing on Vaporeon and shoving her cock in her ass. Vaporeon gasp as the force push her deep into Espeon, which push her into Flareon. All of them moaned as they kept going.
Espeon licks over flareon's face as she pumps into her, getting slowly closer to her face. When she got there, they started kissing. "Such a cute couple they would make don't you think?" Vaporeon ask Leafeon looking at her. "Yup." she nodded. Leafeon was looking at her bashfully. "Is there something you want?" Leafeon didn't say anything as she plant her lips on Vaporeon, giving her a deep kiss. Vaporeon was surprised, but didn't object and returned it.
All four moan in each other as they close to their orgasms. They moved their hips faster. Soon they moan into each others mouths louder as they push each other to their climax. They stopped and cried out before they started cumming. Vaporeon, Espeon, and Flareon shudders as warm seed flow to their pussies.
The three dismounted from each other and sat down, too tired to stay up. Each one calmed down. The hypnosis on Flareon wore off at the end of it. "Wha? What happened?" Flareon ask shaking her head. She can feel her pussy sore and fluid dripping out of it. "Alright, who did it?" she growled. Espeon giggles as she looks at her. "It was me." "You're lucky I'm too sore to fuck your ass." Flareon groans in defeat. "When we recover you can do just that, deal?" Espeon ask nuzzling her. "I'll hold you to that." Flareon grin. The two closes their eyes as they prepare to sleep.
They were jolted awake though as they turned and saw Umbreon collapse with a smile as Jolteon grinned at her. "Wh-What's going on?" Espeon ask. "She wanted my cock, I gave it to her." she grinned nodding to Umbreon. "Oh I see." Espeon sigh in relief. "Espeon?" Flareon said getting her attention. "Yeah?" "Remember our deal?" she said showing her cock erect.
Espeon nodded as Flareon moved near her ass. Espeon stands up prepares herself to be mounted. Flareon rubbed the tip against the anus before going forward. Espeon moans out as she looks ahead. "After this, what's gonna happen now?" she ask through moans. "No idea." she grunted going faster. "I suppose we can figure it out." Espeon moans as Flareon hit a sweet spot. "After we have our fun. It's so hot in me by the way." she said to Flareon. "Well get use to it." she growled huskily, slamming in her ass harder. "Haa!" she moans out pushing back into Flareon's thrust, her cock flopping from the force.
Flareon kept going while Sylveon walked over and started licking Espeon's cock. She shudders from the feeling as the Vaporeon climbs over her front, he cock in her face. She opened her mouth as the water type moved into her mouth. Espeon moans on the water types cock as the three use her body for their pleasure, enjoying it herself. They all kept thrusting, moaning, and soon all four of them climaxed at the same time.
All of them panted before laying on the ground. "All four of you using me for pleasure you all are pervs." Espeon said teasingly. "You wished for this." Sylveon threw back with a grin. "I wished for a way to avoid choosing a type of evolution, not to be gang-banged by them." she corrected. "Well you weren't complaining about it too much, and correct me if I'm wrong, but you were moaning while sucking Vaporeon off. So you were enjoying it." Sylveon said with a smile. She blushed while huffing. "Yeah, I did enjoyed it." she admitted. "Knew it." grinned the Umbreon. Sylveon, Vaporeon, Flareon, and Umbreon all nuzzled Espeon in affection as they all smiled.
(4 months later.)
Each of the evolutions were doing their own thing. Each with a swollen belly. "Well we all expected this outcome." Espeon said rubbing her pregnant belly. Yeah we did." Sylveon said with a swollen belly as well, laying next to her. "So will we be having more fun after they're born." Espeon ask Sylveon. "Of course." she grinned. The Fairy type went and kissed Espeon on the lips as everyone relaxed and done the same.


Levi(M Vaporeon) X Yukio(M Zoroark)

Levi(M Vaporeon) X Yukio(M Zoroark)
Yukio has feeling for his longtime friend Levi, but said Vaporeon doesn't want to admit to his feelings. So the Zoroark decides to be flirty to make him jealous.

* * *

Two pokemon were sleeping in separate beds as the alarm rang for them to get up. One blue hand reached over and slammed it to shut off. A Vaporeon gets to a sitting position as he yawns loudly in response. He turned to the other bed as the second pokemon sat up. A Zoroark shakes his head to get the sleep out of his eyes.
"Morning already?" he grumbled. "Yeah it is Yukio, how did you sleep?" The Vaporeon ask him. "Pretty good." he yawned.
"What about you Levi?" Yukio ask him. "Decent." he replied stretching. "Something the matter?" he ask confused at the answer. "No, I'm fine." "You just don't seem like yourself today." Yukio explained. "I said I'm fine!" he snapped back. "Oh sorry to push." he apologize. "Forget it." he replied getting up out of bed.
Yukio gets out of bed as well as Levi heads into the bathroom to was up. Yukio waits outside for him to finish. He came walking out in a short shirt that showed his belly with tight blue jeans.
"Isn't that shirt a little too short?" Yukio ask. "It's my choice." he growled walking past him. 'Must be having a bad day?' Yukio thought to himself as he enters the bathroom.
As he does that, Levi looks at the bathroom Yukio's in. His eyes looked over Yukio's soft form and bit his lip. He found his form rather cute and kinda liked the older male, but he refused to admit it.
Yukio sighs as he places his hands on his sink and look at himself. His form was slim, but with some muscle to it. Yukio and Levi have friends since they were kids and ever since then he had a crush on him, but it seemed like ever since they evolved, Levi's been cold to him.
"He's not like this, I need to get the better part of him outside." After finishing up, he exited the bathroom. "Sorry about the question. You okay?" he apologizes. "I said I'm fine." Yukio nods and heads for the closet to get his outfit. He slipped a red tank top on with a black skirt with a pair of silver colored high heels. "What do you think?" he ask putting on some blue earrings.
Levi felt his face heat up before quickly shaking it. "It's okay I suppose." he answers the Zoroark. "Does this skirt hide my butt? I think it might look big." he asked sticking his ass out at Levi. He blushes a bit, and turns away. "The skirt's fine." "Good." smiled Yukio before grabbing a blue purse.
The two headed out the door, walking down the hallway. All the while Levi silently sent Yukio subtle glances. They soon meet a couple of Levi's friends as they pass by. He stops to talk to them. "Yo dude." greeted a Charmeleon. "Hey how's it going?" Levi greeted him as Yukio move to give them company. "Eh, been sleepy." yawned the other one who was a Slakoth.
As they were talking, Yukio noticed a male Ninetales next to him and got a idea. "So, got any plans?" he asked in a low tone. The blonde furred Fox pokemon turn to the black furred one. "Huh?" "Care to hang out somewhere nice?" he asked trailing a claw down the Ninetails' back. The Ninetales blush at the attention as he rubs the Zoroarks back as well, "Yeah, I like to hang out and have fun." he answers with a smile. "We'll meet up later." he flirted winking at the fire type.
Yukio smiled as he looks to see what's going one with Levi. Said Vaporeon seemed to be glaring, but was also trying to keep it hidden. He giggles as he finishes his chat and starting to walk again with Levi.
"What's up with that?" asked Levi with a frown. "I was just having a little fun is all." Yukio said innocently. "Sure you were." he scoffed.
The two walk and encounter some more of Levi's friends. "Hey Levi." a Infernape greeted them as they stop. "Yo Joe." "How's studies going for you?" "Decent, but boring." "I see, just hang in there okay." as he talk about this, Yukio was sitting by the college fountain.
He looked around as he saw lots of guys staring at him as they walked by. As this happens, a female Lopunny walks and sits down next to Yukio. "Hello there." she greeted him. "Hello." "I'm impress you wear something like that. So daring." she said amazed. "I have no shame. I like being treated like a guy or girl. Besides, I look good in it." he grinned. "I agree." she said looking him over. "Would you like to hang out?" she offered. "Sure, but maybe tomorrow. Got plans." "Okay then." she smiles as she gets up and leaves with a giggle.
Levi saw the whole thing with a growl. The group disbanded as Yukio walks to Levi with a smile "Guess who got asked out~!" he sang. He grumbled out as he goes on to continue. "What's wrong?" "It's nothing. Let's keep walking." he said. 'And hopefully no one else will try flirting with that fox!'
Soon they came across a slender Roserade. "Hey Silvia." Levi said to her. "Hi Levi." "I was hoping you can help me out with a problem in my notes?" she said holding her notebook. "Sure." Levi said as she opens it.
Yukio sat down on the bench as Levi helps Silvia out. While that went on, a Hitmonlee walked over towards him. He notices the Zoroark sitting on the bench. His eyes showed he liked what he was seeing and walked towards the male. He sat down next to Yukio as he pretends not to noticed. "You can take a picture if you want." grinned Yukio. "Well now that you mentioned it..." he pulls out a camera out of his backpack. Yukio grinned and gave a peace sign as the Hitmonlee took the picture.
After the flash, Yukio giggled at the fun he's having. Levi though noticed what was happening. "What's with the camera by the way?" Yukio ask the Hitmonlee. "You said take a picture." "But would you done it even if I didn't say?" he ask. "Probably." Yukio giggles at the fighting type. "So why you even here. I doubt you just came here for a picture." "Well maybe you and me can go get a drink." "A drink huh? I'll have to think about that." he said, placing a hand on his cheek. Levi felt livid at seeing this. "I suppose I can go for a drink with you." he answers with a grin.
That stunt pushes Levi over his limit as he stomps over to the two. Yukio looks at Levi "Oh hey Levi. Finish helping Silvia?" he ask. "Yes, now let's go." "Go? but were ju-" "Now." he growled yanking Yukio up. "Wah!" he gets out as Levi holds him over his shoulder. He carried Yukio and headed back to their room.
Levi places him down. "Well that was quite the performance you made." "My performance?! What? It's not like you were jealous." "Me jealous, for what?" Yukio ask him. "That so many of them wanted to get in my pants." "Oh please, I just having a little fun. What's the problem?" Yukio ask him. "You flaunt yourself around like a slut. You're a teasing bastard Yukio!" he said that to him. "And what's this got to do with you?" Yukio ask him. "Because you did it just to piss me off!" Levi growled back getting more angry. "I did no such thing." Yukio said disagreeing. That pressed it and Levi tackled him to the ground on his back. "Yes you did!"
"Oh come on. It shouldn't be bothering you. We're not dating or anything. Otherwise, you would've mounted me already." he said half mockingly. "Please, I coud mount you easy." "I find that hard to believe." Yukio said looking away, looking unamused. "Wanna bet?" "Bet?" "Yeah. If I can prove you wrong, you stop flaunting yourself around like that." "How you plan to attempt to prove me wrong?" he said curiously. Levi leaned down and pressed his lips against Yukio's. Yukio's eyes widen in surprised at the sudden action, but he closes his eyes and kisses him back.
Yukio smiles as they separated the kiss, drool clinging to their lips. "So what do you like?" Levi moved Yukio's body around unti he's on his hands and knees. He reached up and slipped the skirt off. Levi gotten the sight of Yukio's yellow panties as he disrobes him. "Like what you see~?" he ask seductively. "I got something better." Levi moved closer and started licking the outside of his bulge. Yukio let out a slight moan as Levi licks it. Levi's paws were on Yukio's rump as he does this. 'So big.' he thought. He couldn't resist and started to squeeze the black furred cheeks, feels like dough in his paws.
Yukio hummed as Levi started faster. "Hee hee, you seem to like my ass huh?" he ask him. "Shut up." Levi took off Yukio's panties, having his hole exposed. He started running his tongue against it with eagerness. Yukio moans out as he pushes back against his tongue, shivering in pleasure. Levi used one hand and began to rub it up and down on Yukio's dick. Yukio moans and shudders at the feeling, "That it, keep doing it like that." he told him blissfully. Levi obliged and began to go faster on both parts. "Haahhhh!" he moans out cutely as the pleasure increases, loving the feeling.
Levi went ahead and rubbed a thumb against the slit while pushing his tongue inside his ass. Yukio body shakes as he can feel his release getting closer to him. Levi started gripping the harder while pumping it faster. Yukio moans loud and long as he reached his release. His dick twitched before his seed shot out. It covered the floor and Levi's hands as Yukio squirts it out. "See? That was easy." grinned Levi. "I gotta say I'm impress with your handwork." he looks at him with a smile. "Now it's my turn." Levi stood up and started pulling his pants down.
Yukio looks at him to see his long thick shaft poking out to his direction. Levi gripped Yukio's hips while rubbing his cock against the hole. Despite the invitation, he's only grinding it between his cheeks. "What's with the teasing? Go and fuck me." "Not yet." "Huh?" Yukio as face flushed. "Beg me." Yukio shivers at the situation. "How so I wonder? What should I say?" "Beg me to fuck you." Yukio grins at the words. "I need you to fuck my ass." he said. "What do you want me to fuck you with?" He shivers at he clenches his teeth, keeping quiet. "Speak." demanded Levi. "Fuck me... with that thick cock of yours." he mews out. "Where?" "In my furry ass dammit!" he cries out to him
Levi grinned before slamming balls deep in Yukio's ass. Yukio cries out at the sudden penetration, his body shivering as a result. "Fuck you're tight." "And like I said, you're thick." he said with a moan. Levi pulled back before slamming back in. Levi moans in pleasure and relax a bit, thrusting in him slow. Yukio moans in pleasure from the fucking, but then flinch at a prick at his neck. He turned to see Levi biting on his neck. His body actually shivered from the bite, his cock twitching from it, as Levi notices it. "You like this, slut." grinned Levi going faster. "Yes... I do." he said with a moan as he pushes back.
Levi grunted as his hips slapped against Yukio's while reaching down and rubbing his thumb against the tip. Levi smiled devilishly as he grabs Yukio's ears and tugs them a bit as he thrust. "AH!" Yukio cries out in pleasure. Levi was surprised at this, biting was one thing, but this? "I never expected this from you. Ear pulling, neck biting, You really enjoy this don't you?" "Yeah." Levi smiles and started nipping Yukio's neck more. All the while he kept pounding his ass faster and faster. "Levi I'm gonna cum, oh I love you." Yukio said while moaning. Yukio gasped before moaning out as Levi started cumming inside him. At the same time, Yukio started cumming on the ground as Levi cums. Both panted.
He places him on his bed as he lay next to him holding. 'What did you say before we climaxed?" "Uh, nothing." "Don't lie, I heard you say something." "It's nothing." "So I guess we won't be doing this again huh?" he said pulling away. Yukio winces at the thought of that as he feels Levi's penis slipping out. "I wouldn't say that." "Then what did you say?" Levi repeated. Yukio sighed. "I love you Levi." Yukio said to him. That made Levi stare at the Zoroark, who was blushing at the confession, "Ever since we met each other." "Ever since we were kids?" "Ever since we were kids." Yukio nuzzled into Levi's neck.
Levi's face forms a smile as he wrap around Yukio's back into a hug. "I'm so relieved." The two smiles as they drift off into sleep.
(Next morning.)
Levi groaned as he felt the loss of warmth in the middle of the night. He moves his arms around trying to find it again. His eyes slowly opened as he heard clothes ruffling. "What the...?" he ask himself looking around. There he saw Yukio looking through the closet. "Y-Yukio?" he ask rubbing his eyes. "Oh, sorry I woke you up." "What are you doing? It's the middle of the night." he groans. "I wanted to know which lingerie you prefered. "Lingerie?" Levi ask confused. "Course." He looks confused until Yukio turns around, showing him different kinds of panties. First was a floral pattern, the other was stripy. Then there was a black translucent one. Then there was a pink frilly one. Each new one after got more and more revealing.
Levi face was blushing even though Yukio can't see it. "What's the meaning of this?" "I wanted your opinion." "Opinion?" "On which one you liked." "I-I thought you said you wasn't gonna flaunt yourself in front of everyone." he reminded him. "I'm not gonna. This is for when we go out on dates and get in the mood." he purred. Levi grumbles at the answer. "Teasing Bastard!" he calls him. "But I"m your teasing bastard." he grinned winking at Levi. He couldn't help but smile at that. "The pink frilly ones. Now will you go back to bed?" "Oh fine." Yukio slips them on and goes back into bed with Levi, who wrap around him again. "This time you not going anywhere." he said as he nibbles Yukio's ear which Yukio giggles.


F Persian x F Raichu

F Persian x F Raichu
Raichu makes a bet with Persian that whoever wins a race between them from one side of a long bridge to they other can decide what they'll do for the rest of the day. Persian wins decide they'll spend the rest of they day making love to each other.

* * *

An anthro Raichu with a petite body walked down the dirt road. She's wearing a red shirt with white shorts, wearing a wristband with red running shoes. She was going down the road for a big event. As she was walking, one more pokemon entered the pathway she walked on. This one was an anthro Persian. The two were best friend and great rivals with each other. She was a foot taller wearing orange tank, green joggers and yellow sneakers. Today they were out jogging to get ready for a big race.
They reached the long bridge and each did some stretches to prepare theselves. "Ready to lose?" grinned the Persian. "Nope. I'm ready win!" Raichu said with confidence. "We'll see." "Alright. Whoever reaches the other side of the bridge wins. The prize is that the winners decides what the two do for the rest of the day. Deal?" "Deal."
The two reach the starting point and got into position. "Ready." Raichu started. "Set..." Persian added. "Go!" The two started running towards the end of the bridge. Each kicking their knees up high. The Raichu was in the lead as they reach the halfway point. But the Persian was pushing forward. "What?" Raichu said in surprised. Soon the Persian reached the end. Raichu reach there seconds after. "Wha?... How did you?" "Training." grinned the normal type.
Raichu panted as she can't help but be impressed. "All right you win, a deals a deal." she said. The Persian grinned. "So what you want to do all day? Movie? Training?" "I got a better idea." Raichu looks confused. "What is it?" "Let's go to my place." Raichu looks confused, but follows Persian to her home. All the while she swung her hips. Raichu notices this and looks at her in confusion as to why she's doing this. Soon they arrived.
She opened the door allowing the two to enter. "Okay, now what?" Raichu ask now there inside. "We fuck." "Huh?" "We. Fuck." Raichu blushes at the words. "All day long?" "Yup." Raichu shivers a bit, she male lovers before, but not females. "Come on. Relax." she purred hugging Raichu. She looks at the Persian with a red face. The Perisan lightly licked her cheek. She smiles. "Well you did win the bet." "There we go." she smiled before kissing Raichu's cheek.
Raichu smiles as she felt her soft lips touch her skin. 'she is pretty.' Then she moved onto her lips. Raichu can feel it on her own. She relax and started kissing her back. Persian trailed her hands down Raichu's stomach. The Raichu's body shivers as she starts to giggle from the touch Persian though soon reached her shorts. But she jumped whens he felt a paw slide down her shorts. She looks down and see the Persian lowering them down, hitting the floor. She blushed as the Persian moved onto her panties. Raichu begins to lower her hands to Persian's jogging pants.
She slipped them down, showing her panties. While Raichu was completely bare. "Aw, so cute." purred the normal type. Raichu blushes as she say, "I can say the same to you." she said taking the panties off. "Care to taste?" Raichu blush as she ask, "What do you mean?" "Lick my pussy." she purred. Raichu's face turns redder at the words. "Okay." She got on her knees and looked at the pink snatch.
She sports a smiles as she goes and kisses it. Persian hummed and held Raichu's head close. With that, she use her tongue to lick at her folds. Persian purred with her tail twitching. Raichu started to get to it and lick deeper and faster. Persian moaned while grinding her hips against her face. Raichu licks inside Persian's snatch while her own was warming up as well. "Go deeper." She nods and pushes her face deeper, trying to fulfill her.
Persian moaned louder and bucked her hips into Raichu's face. Raichu can smell her scent as she licks over harder and faster. Persian let out a growl before her orgasm hit. The feline's sweet juices splash upon her face as she licks over. Persian panted from the she pulled back, Raichu's face was dripping with her juices.
"So are you satisfied now?" Raichu ask. "Not yet." she grinned. Raichu sported a grin of her own. "Oh what next?" "Lay on your back." Raichu decides do do what she ask. She laid down as Persian crawled over her. "This is kinda taking a little turn for the romantic side don't you think?" Raichu ask a little embarrassed. "Aw, is someone shy?" teased Persian. "I guess so.." she said looking away. "I might be gentle." she grinned. "Please do." she ask her. Persian grinned before leaning down and kissing her lips. Raichu hugs Persian and kisses her back.
Persian trailed her fingers down to where Raichu's folds were. She shivers as she feels the normal types paws around her lower lips. "Someone wet themselves." Persian said teasingly. "Sorry, it felt nice." she said it cutely. Persian grinned and spread Raichu's legs while staring at the wet folds. "Do you like what you see?" she ask looking up at her. "Oh yeah." she growled. "How much you like it?" "Enough to do this." Persian slammed two fingers into the snatch. Raichu was surprised and let out a loud cry from the penetration. Persian grins and pumps her fingers back and forth in Raichu's slit.
"So tight and wet." "Mmmph. Yes." Raichu's tail twitches whenever a spark of pleasure shot through her. "How about this?" this time she curved her fingers while pumping them. "Aah!" she gasp out at the new sensation."I'll take that as you enjoy it." Persian said as she continues on, lowering onto the electric types body. "Yes!" she moaned out. Raichu hugs her, feeling the warmth around her body. Afterwards, she move her hands away and replace it with her own slit. "What are you doing?" "Let's try this." she purred. Persian then moves her body up and down, grinding their pussies against each other.
Raichu moaned at feeling the friction between the pussies. Raichu's face were between Persian's breast as they does this."This is hot." purred Persian. Raichu started licking her cat mounds with her tongue as she rubs them. Persian moaned and started grinding harder. Raichu grinds back at her in fever. "More please more.." "Gladly." Persian held Raichu's hips before slamming their snatches against each other. Raichu holds Persian tightly as she feels close to her limit. With one more thrust, both cried out. Their juices splashes on each other thighs as they nuzzle each other. "Wow."
Raichu looks outside to see how it looks. "Night already?" Raichu ask surprised. "Wow time certainly flies when having fun." she said looking out. "Yup." "Well I really enjoyed it. Let's get some rest now." she said snuggles closer to her. "Night." The two closes their eyes as they go to sleep.
(The next morning.)
Persian woke up and saw Raichu snuggled on her breasts. Then Raichu started licking and sucking on the teat in her sleep. "Aw." Raichu keeps this up as she starts to wake up. "Hmm?" Raichu's eyes focus as she finds she's in front of Persian and sucking on her teat. "Care for some milk?" teased Persian. "Well now that you mentioned it, cat milk was supposed to be good." she teases as well. "Then keep sucking." Raichi smiles and resumes sucking her gently, looking at her with a smile.


Ash's Pikachu x Female Meowstic

Ash's Pikachu x Female Meowstic
Ash's Pikachu looks at Serena's newly caught Meowstic and plans to make a move on her. Will Pikachu suceed?

* * *

(From bulbapedia logic, Ash's Pikachu is male)
Serena smiled at the pokeball in her hand. "Congratulations on your catch Serena!" her companion wearing a cap said happily. "Thanks Ash." She looks at the pokeball containing the female Meowstic inside in happiness. Now she had a new pokemon for performances.
On Ash's shoulder, his friend pikachu was watching her with a smile, more specifically the pokeball in her hands. Ash isn't the only one who's been hanging out with the females of the group. Pikachu himself had been getting lucky with their pokemon. It started with Misty's Corsola, then May's Skitty, followed by Dawn's Buneary, and most recently Iris' Emolga. That's right. He had screwed them all. There was the one time he tried to go with Serena's Braixen before... But she threatened to burn his cock off if he ever tried that again. So he's taking a chance with the psychic type.
It was late as the three were setting up came for them. All the while Pikachu waited for his chance. Serena let out Meowstic as she set the tents up and the food was made. Pikachu grinned and walked towards her. "Hello there." the electric type greeted her. "Oh, hello." "How you doing this lovely afternoon?" he said charmingly. "Fine." Pikachu smiles as he looks at the humans for the moment. They were busy and not paying attention. 'Okay then.' he turns to the female. "Wanna take a walk?" The Meowstic smiles as she nods her head.
Both walked into a bush. The psychic type looks around the area in confusion as to why they're here. "Time for some fun." grinned Pikachu. She looks confused for a moment, but then Pikachu holds her close. "Uh, what are you-?" She didn't finish as the electric type pressed her lips to her own. She was stunned as Pikachu rubbed her sides. She couldn't tell whatever to stop him or let him continue. 'Soft.' she thought about his lips. Eventually, she decided to let him have his way.
Pikachu grinned as he trailed his hands down her back. She started to purr at the feeling. Soon he reached her ass. She shivers at the touch as she holds his sides for support. He gave her ass a little squeeze. She giggles a bit from the response. This time he pushed his tongue into her mouth. Meowstic blushes at the sudden action. At this point, he pushed her on her back. She was blushing as the electric type was over her. "Wanna keep going?" Meowstic looks at Pikachu with a embarrassed smile. 'Y-yeah."
Pikachu grinned as his pink member was sticking out. It was a nice size for a pokemon of his size. Meowstic blushed as she saw it, it was very visible through her white furred face. "Aw, you're shy." he grinned. Meowstic looks away in embarrassed. "I'm sorry." "Trust me, I've handled shy ones before." He move downward and position himself near her entrance. She gulped as he moved forward. Meowstic moans as she feels the tip enter her. Pikachu groaned as he kept going. She shudders as he soon reached her hymen. "Ready?" "Y-yes." she answers. Pikachu pushed forward and tore her hymen.
Meowstic cries out in mix of pain in pleasure as he went further. He stopped to let her adjust. Soon she calmed down and she nod. He pulled back and started moving in. Meowstic made a soft moan as she holds him close. Pikachu grunted at feeling her tight pussy hold onto his cock. He can feel her purring as he thrust slowly back and forth. She let out low moans with each thrust. "Ahh. Please more." she ask him. "Will do." he grinned before kissing her as he started going faster.
Meowstic can feel his tongue entering her mouth as she moans. 'I'm gonna cum.' he thought. She can feel something building inside her as he thrust. Both broke the kiss before crying out. He shoots his seed deep inside her as she sprays as well. Both crying out. Afterwards, the two pant as they rest and recover. "Wow." she got out.
She holds pikachu close to her as she smiles. "So what did you think?" "It was wonderful." she answer in bliss. Pikachu gets up and helps Meowstic up as well. "We better get back." He nods and the two started to head back to their trainers camp.
`The two came there with a smile on their faces."Why are you two so happy?" asked Ash. "I guess the two became fast friends." Serena said looking at the two. "Seems like it." The two trainers smile and prepared the meals for all four of them.


M Typhlosion X F Lopunny

M Typhlosion X F Lopunny
Being treated as a potential mate for his daughter, Ursaring takes the Typhlosion to his and Lopunny's home to get 'acquainted.'

* * *

A air was cool as a Typhlosion was walking through the forest, carrying a explorer bag with him. "Help!" The fire type heard a cry for help down the path he was on. Concerned, he broke into the run to the source.
Soon he came upon a pit. He looks down to see a lopunny down in it. "Help!" the normal type cried. "Hold on, I got you!" he lowers himself as he reached out his hand. The Lopunny reached up and gripped his hand. He starts to pull her up with all her strength. She tried pushing herself up with her feet on the side of the pit. he was able to get her out, but their momentum was too much as he falls backward and landed on his back. "Ow."
He groaned as he shakes his head and he looks to see the normal type on top of him. "Thank you!" He smiles as he looks at the Lopunny. "Your welcome. Happy to help." As they recover, another pokemon was walking along the pathway towards them. It was an Ursaring. "Lopunny? Are you okay? I heard you cry out." he ask as he approach. "Yes papa."
Then the Ursaring stop when he saw the Lopunny on top of the Typhlosion. "Who is this?" "This Typhlosion was the one who helped me out of the pit." she explained. "Oh really?" Typhlosion didn't like where this was going. "I fell when I was getting her up. This was just-" "Save it."
This made the fire type nervous at the cut off. "This true?" he asked the Lopunny. "Y-yeah." she said nervously. "And to make it up to him, you were about to mate with him am I right?" "No!" she cried out with a blush. "It okay, he has a good heart, but you should've tried that when you're inside. Here I'll take you to our home." Both blushed before getting back up and followed the Ursaring.
Soon the three reach a house the Normal types live in. Ursaring lead them to her room as he said. "Have fun you two." he closes the door as he leaves. "Uh, wow." Typhlosion got out. He rubs the back of his head in awkwardness. "My papa is just being silly." "Well, despite this, I'm glad you're okay." he said sincerely. "Thanks." she smiled.
Soon the room was in the silence. "This is... rather awkward huh?" "Yeah." "What do you want to do? Talk to him and explain the situation?" he suggested. "Well we could go along with it... You are handsome after all." she offered. That made him blush. "Um... well I..." then the Lopunny leaps onto the Typhlosion. "Come on, it'll be fun." "You sure?" She nuzzles her head to his. "Yes, I'm sure." He was reluctant, but the pout she was giving him was too much.
He carried her onto the bed and lay her down on their sides. "Come on." she purred licking her lips. He moves her downward so his member was at her face, "Like a taste?" "Yummy." she grinned grabbing it. Typhlosion shivers as he rubs her long ears. She lightly licked the tip while rubbing the bottom part. He sighs as the wetness makes him shivers from the pleasure. "So good." At the words, she starts to take in more of his cock in as she was in half way. "Fuck!" he hissed.
He goes to her head and start to pump her head back and forth along his length. She relaxed and moaned around it. Typhlosion moans as she thrust into her mouth, enjoying the feeling of her rubs her head and ears softly and slowly as she sucks tenderly. "I could get use to this." As she sucks, Lopunny uses her right hand to rub her pussy lips. "I'm gonna cum." She fingers herself faster as he said that, getting to her edge. He held her head down before he started cumming. Lopunny relaxed her throat and swallowed down all his seed as it enters her mouth.
He panted from the orgasm. As he pants, he can smell a sweet scent in the air. 'Hmm?' He traces the smell to Lopunny's lower body, where her hand was. She kept moving her fingers. She moans out as well as her juices splash onto the bed and hand. He smiles as she still like something as well.
With that, he moves her so she's on her back, under him. "Now let's get to the fun part." She shivers a bit in anticipation. "Ready for you." He pulled back before slowly moving forward. Lopunny grunts at first, but then starts to moan as his cock enters her pussy. "Tight." he hissed.
She wraps her arms around his body as he thrust. "Keep going!" He nods as he goes deeper inside her, nuzzling her head in affection. She held him close and moaned as his cock got more and more hot. She licks his neck as her moans were nonstop. "I'm gonna blow." "I don't mind. Just let it out." she nibbles his ear as she responds. Feeling his seed, she cries out as she climax as well. Both groaning and moaning.
The Typhlosion lay on his side next to the Lopunny. "Wow." he got out. "I'm glad you enjoyed it." she said with a smile. "So what happens now?" he ask. "Well, you could stick around." "Stick around... with you?" his face was blushing at the thought. "Yup." Typlosion smiles as he hugs his arms around the Lopunny, bringing her close to her.
Soon, a knock was coming from outside the door as a voice spoke out. "Keep it down you two." The teasing voice of her father sounded behind the door. Both blushed. "Like I thought. You choose well Lopunny." she said as footsteps can be heard going away. "Uhh... Is he gonna be like that?" he ask her. "Pretty much." Typhlosion had a sweat of nervousness as he said. "I guess I'll have to get use to it." "Yup." she smiled snuggling into him. Despite the situation, he smiles as closes his eyes to sleep.


Hope(M Oshawott) X Faith(F Snivy)

Hope(M Oshawott) X Faith(F Snivy)
Faith has been having nightmares about what could've happened if things ended differently at the Worldcore. Her friend and Partner helps her feel better about the nightmares.

* * *

The moon was full over the base of a large pokemon paradise. A lone Snivy was walking through it. She arrived to her base and stepped inside. Inside, a Oshawott was sleeping in his bed. Faith took a sigh of relief. "Thank Arceus." she whispers to herself. She walks to her bed and stop for a moment, shivering a bit. 'Why am I suddenly worried?' she thought to herself. "He's here... with me..." Faith said trying to reassure herself as she lay down on her bed to rest, but the feeling didn't go away. Soon her eyes close as she drifts off to sleep.
When she opens her eyes, she finds that she's back at the Worldcore. 'Why am I here again?' she thought to herself as a voice spoke out: "I can't..." "Huh? what do you-" I can't choose to go back... It's too risky." a familiar voice spoke out. "Wait...Hope?" "Faith... I'm very sorry.." Hope said sorrowful. "What do you mean?" Before he can speak, the world around her deteriorates. "What's going on?!" She tries to run towards it "No NO NOOO!" with the last no her eyes shot open.
She sat up in her bed with sweat on her forehead. She looks around to see that it was her home. 'It's the third time in the row!' she closes her eyes and shakes her head. The third time of that horrible nightmare. Her commotion woke up Hope from his sleep. "Mmm, what's going on?" he groans from the awakening. "Oh Hope, I woke you up? Sorry about that?" Faith apologizes a bit panicky from the nightmare. "What's wrong?" "Oh it's nothing really... ah it's getting late let's head back to bed." she said laying down. "If you insist." Hope goes back to bed, still thinking about Faith's outburst.
Morning comes as the two got up and prepare for today's expedition. "You gonna be alright?" "Yeah, I'll be alright.." Faith responded. As they were getting ready, they heard a commotion between Keldeo and Emolga in front of Virizion. "I been alongside her since the journey, she likes me more." Emolga yells. "I been with her longer than you." Keldeo yells back. "You two have got to stop fighting. You two are acting like your're rivals are something like that.." "Not my fault." "You guys are acting like kids, we're all rivals with each other." The two are shock at her words.
She chuckles at their antics and was about to say she was just kidding, but Faith went to her and said. "How can you say such terrible things!" "What do you mean?" Virizion ask looking confused. "You two are suppose to be friends. That's going too far!" Faith yells and go after her, but was stopped by Hope. "Easy Faith!" he yells holding on her from behind as she tries to go after the legendary.
Not too far from them, Umbreon and Espeon were talking to each other until they heard the commotion. Already knowing what it is, Espeon approaches them. "Faith, Virizion doesn't really mean all that, she just like teasing them by saying that." "Oh." she relax enough for Hope to let go of her. "I'm really sorry for reacting like that." "No problem." Virizion said. Faith smiles, but is gone quickly as Hope was looking at her with concerned. "Are you okay? You seem off today." Hope ask her. "I'm fine. Let's get ready for today." she said before she heads off to the market. "If you want." Hope looks at her with a concern expression as he walks with her.
Hope and faith came back after today's expedition. "Glad the mission went well." Faith said. "Same here." Nighttime was around them as the two headed home. Both tired from today. Faith climbed onto her bed and start to relax a bit, but he noticed that Hope was looking at her in concern. "What is it?" "I'm worried about ya." She looks down as she contemplates what to do. "Care to tell me?"
Faith sighs as she opens her mouth. "I been having nightmares... about the time at the Worldcore." "Oh, I see." "You said you couldn't come back, and I fear that this is actually a dream." Faith starts to form tears. "It's not. I'm right here." Hope said hoping to get her to feel better. "But I still..." She starts to cry from the pain. The water type stares at the grass type, his partner, his friend, feeling her pain since they been together ever since he became a pokemon in the first place.
Hope moved towards her and hugged her. "It's okay, I know how you feel. Some nights, I dreamed that I lost you when I was fighting the Bittercold." Hope explained. "Really?" Faith ask him shocked. "Yeah, I was worried whenever I went to sleep." Hope said, his face starting to form tears. Faith couldn't believe it. 'Hope... I was so caught up in my worries that I didn't realize he was going through the same thing.' she thought to herself.
She hugged him back. They move back a bit to look in each other''s eyes. "I'm happy you choose to be able to visit us." "I'm happy to come by." Before they even realize it, the two came close and press their lips together. Both didn't try to pull away. Their arms wrap around the other, rubbing their backs, their sides. The two slipped their tongues in the others mouths. Their tongues wrap around each other as they suckle and smooch each other, getting warmer as they kiss.
Outside, Emolga and some of the two's other friends were outside listening to them. "What's happening?" "Souund's like they're comforting each other from their nightmares." Umbreon explains. "Shh." his sister shushes them as they quiet down and listens to what's going on in the house.
Hope and Faith smiles in their kiss as their hands start to move around each other's bodies. Both shivering in anticipation. Soon Hope reach her folds, while Faith was touching his shaft. "You're wet." he grinned. "Well you're hard." she fired back with a grin of her own. "Touche." Hope pushes Faith down and move till they're in a 69 position.
The two were blushing red as they responded by starting to lick each other. Faith trailed her tongue around the length. While Hope slides his tongue against her folds, even trailing his finger at the clotis. She jumped and accidentally slipped her mouth over the tip. That caused a moan to get out of his mouth as he went to lick it more. Both started to get into their licking.
Both starting to moan more as the others were blushing outside as they listen. "Wow." muttered Emolga. "What's going on in there?" his friend, Dunsparce ask. "Some hot stuff." Keldeo said The group was blushing, but felt kinda ashamed for easedropping. "Maybe we should give them some privacy?" Espeon suggested. "Nah." they say at first. "My sister's right. We shouldn't be easedropping on them while this is going on." Umbreon said. "Party pooper." they all say. Despite their words, the reluctantly left the two's window as they head off.
Inside, Hope was licking more and more as Faith was bobbing her head back and forth on his length. 'So good.' they both thought. The two shudders in pleasure as the feeling was something they never experienced. 'This is amazing.' "Hope, I can't hold back." she tells him. "Neither can I?" The two kept going for a few moments more before both groaning out at the same time. Hope's face being covered by her juices. While Faith's mouth fills with his seed. Both tried licking up what they could, The two finish as they got up. "Woah." "That was wonderful." Faith said panting, lying on her bed. "I'll say."
Hope look down to see he was still hard, while Faith was on her back. Her folds in his view. "Lets keep going." "Oh, what you like now?" she ask. "I wanna put it in you." She blushes at the words, but nods her head with a smile. She spread her legs. With that, he climb over her, holding her gently. "Ready?" She nods her head. "Yes, I'm ready." He lined the tip with her snatch before pushing in. She grunts a bit as the tip starts to enter. "So snug." Hope kept going until he felt Faith's hymen. "Keep going." He nods as he pushes against it until it tore. She bit her lip at the searing pain. A little blood drips out of her opening as she holds him close. "Go ahead."
He nods and started to move back and forth gently. Faith held onto the bed. Hope nuzzles her head to comfort her as he thrust in her. Both slowly groaning louder. "How do you feel Faith?" he ask with a moan. "Hot." "I agree." they then look into each others eyes smiling as they close in each other. The two embrace as they kissed deeply. All the while Hope started moving again. Thrusting back and forth into Faith and a rythim and to keep as gentle as possible.
The two of them felt warm and happy as they continued their mating. 'This is amazing.' both thought. Faith saparated from him as she said. "I'm close Hope." "Me too." He starts to move faster and harder as they moan louder and pant harder. "I'm cumming!" They say at the same time as they climax at the same time, their fluids mixing with each other. Both moaning at the hot seed and juices. The two were panting as they lay on each other trying to catch their breaths.
The two were walking through their paradise next morning, holding their hands together. Today they were going to explore a new place as part of their first date. "That was awesome." "I agree." Faith said with a warm smile. Hope was happy she was her usual self again.
The others were looking at them with a nervous smile as everyone agreed to not tell anyone. "Why are you smiling like that?" Hope ask them "Oh uh it's nothing." Keldeo said with a nervous sweat. "You're lying." frowned Faith. They kept quiet about it until Victini arrives. "Hey you two! I hope you two had a wonderful night! Apparently they know about it, but they wouldn't tell me about it when I ask!" he speaks excitedly. The group looks at the Victini with a shocked expression. "What?" he ask confused at their looks.
Both turned to the group with frowns. The group look down, expecting a good tongue lashing from the two, but what they got was the two suddenly starting to laugh. "Uh, why you laughing?" asked Emolga. "If you guys wanted to know how it went, you just had to ask." Hope said as he kept laughing. "You're not mad?" "Nope!" they said as they kept laughing. Soon the others slowly started to laugh as well. The group couldn't believe this, but regardless of the incident, they are happy that Faith is in better spirits and they do make a good couple.

* * *

At this moment, the Parent/Child Incest ban is hearby lifted off both Partner stories. Feel free to make any request like that.


Blade(F DewottSamurott)X Nume(H Goodra)

Blade (F Dewott/Samurott)X Nume (H Goodra)
Blade was having fun singing and playing with herself before she attracted a rather affectionate fan

* * *

Blade was frolicking around the flower fields. She had discarded her dark-blue skirt. As Blade was frolicking, she got on her knees, spreading her hips a bit, showing some of her slit. She looked up in the skies, sighing swooningly. "I wonder... How long has it been since Petal and I found each other~?" She then sang as she put her paws at her butt cheeks. "Why do birds~... Suddenly appear~?" Blade grabbed a couple flowers (one in each hand) and pressed their heads (where the pollen is) against her butt, making herself giggle at the petal-ish touch. "Every time~... You are near~" Blade looks at the flowers. "Just like me~, they want to be~..." She then presses the buds against her nipples. "Close to you~" Blade looks at the flowers again and swooned, kissing them. "Oh, Petal~"
Blade traces her hands (with the flowers in still in her paws) from her breasts, down to her wet slit with one flower kissing her clit and the other rubbing her vagina. She continues singing as she masturbates. "Why do stars fall down from the sky~...? Mmm~... Every time... Ahh~... You walk by~... Yeah~..." Blade then gracefully tosses the flowers away and fingers herself, still kneeling as she masturbates. As she sings the last part, she was close to her orgasm. "J-Just like me~... Oohh~... They long to b-be~... Hngh~...!" Blade winced as she almost came but smiled as she finished. "I want to be~... Close~!" She climaxed, her creamy juices flowing as she swooned and lovingly sighed out, "To you~... Haah~..."
As she finishes singing, she closes her eyes and enjoyed the peaceful feeling. Suddenly, a giant shadow shaded Blade and she opened her eyes to see who's there. "Huh? Who-?" She then felt something grab hold of her and lift her up. Blade yelped as her hands were tied up and she hung was up to see a Shiny Goodra in front of her. "Wh-Who are you?" she ask shocked at seeing a shiny pokemon. The Goodra giggled as she rubbed her big breasts. "My name is Nume~ What's yours and where do you come from~?" She asked, looking at Blade cutely "Um.. My name's Blade, and I'm from around here." she blushes from the look Nume's giving her. She looks to see Nume's Antennae holding up her arms, "Why're you holding me like this?"
Nume giggled seductively as she nuzzles her head at Blade's chest. "Why, I've seen your little performance and it was so cute of you doing it nakedly~..." Blade blushes at feeling her slimy head on her breast. "Thank you, but you didn't have to do all this to praise me." Nume lifted her head, leaving goo on Blade's chest. "Who says I'm simply praising you~?" Nume asked, seductively licking her lips. "I don't get it." Nume smiled, placed her slimy paws at Blade's cheeks and kisses her in the lips, shocking the nude Dewott.
She instictively tried to use her legs to push the Goodra away. But Nume held Blade's legs and spread them wide. She still kissed the helpless Dewott by pushing her face at hers. "H-hey, stop that!' She muffled blushing from the lewd situation. As Blade muffled, Nume felt her lips opening up a bit and uses this opportunity to slide her tongue inside her wet maw. She felt the slimy tongue mixed and entwined around her own, Blade moaned as she was kissed deeply. Nume pressed her breasts against Blade's hips as her (Nume's) paws were at her (Blade's) buttocks. Blade's face was deeply red as her body was being pressed deeply onto the slime dragon's.
Nume's breasts slid in-between with her nipples touching Blade's slit. Blade moaned in Nume's mouth, but despite that and the lewd performance, she stilled tried moving her hands and feet to get out of her grip. Blade then felt an antennae let go of her right arm. She wondered what Nume was doing when she saw it rubbing her (Nume's) slimy pussy. "You rubbing yourself off?" she muffled her question to her. Nume giggled in Blade mouth as she presses her body against hers a bit tighter, making the Dewott moan briefly. "I just got a 'big~' surprise for you~..." 'Surprise?' she thought as she tries to use her free hand to push her off, but somehow Blade's hands fell upon Nume's breast.
Blade freezes and Nume decided to let go of their kiss. "Ooh~, you touched me on purpose~..." The Goodra teased. "N-no, my hand just slipped!" she explained completely flustered from the event. "Did it now~?" Nume teasingly said, letting go of her other antenna off of Blade's left arm, which fell and grabbed on Nume's other breast.
As Blade tried to move her hand away, she noticed a odd wetness to her hands as they were on the Goodra's breast. It was a white, sweet-scented liquid..."Wait... Are you... Lactating?" Blade ask looking at Nume. The Goodra smiled and grabbed Blade's head with a paw. "What are you going to do?" Blade ask. "Now now~... It won't hurt for a taste~" Blade's face reddens at the answers. "N-no, you don't have to do that." she blushes as she stutters, shaking her head in her view. Nume held her head tighter and pressed it against her breast.
Blade felt embarrassed about the situation, but inside she can't help but feel warm and curious about the idea of drinking a pokemon's milk. She had no choice but open her mouth slowly. She let Nume place the leaking breast into her mouth and she closed around it. She then pressed the Dewott's head against her breast to make her stay still. She places the other hand on Blade's back to keep her lower body still. Blade starts slowly sucking Nume's nipple, tasting a bit of her milk.
Her body shudders as it slides down her throat. 'So warm...so sweet.' she moans as she started sucking more to get her milk. 'Aw~... She looks so cute~' Nume chimed in her head, murring from the feeling. Nume hums a pleasant tune as she rubs her body softly as she move down to Blade's butt. She then gropes it softly but firmly. Blade couldn't help but moan in bliss as she held onto Nume and sucked faster.
Nume giggled as the Dewott looked and acted like a baby. "I should let Pokemon suck my breast more often~." she said moving her paws to Blade's cunt and fingers it. Blade moaned when she felt her clit being tickled inside. "Mmurrr... yess." she muffles on her breast as she suckles more, drinking her milk. 'Oohh~... She tastes so sweet~... I wonder how my milk and the other girls' taste like~?' She thought as she suckles with more pressure. 'I gotta get some herbs so we can suckle each other off~!' Blade moans as the fingering and the nursing is bringing her close to her climax.
Nume noticed Blade shutting her eyes a little tight and smirked, going faster and deeper with her fingering! Blade body twitches as she couldn't take it anymore and moans on Nume's breast. Her juices flowed as she came, splashing her liquid of Nume's stomach. Blade pushes back a bit to catch her breath, and she got out a burp in response. She then covered her mouth, embarrassed of what she did. "Ex-excuse me~." Blade said with a red face. Nume giggled, licking her cheek. "Aw, that's okay~ Everybody of any age has to burp sometime." Blade couldn't help but smile. "So what happens now?"
The Goodra then embraced Blade, carrying her as Nume looked seductively at Blade whom looked embarrassingly at hers. "Hey, please let me go?" Blade ask Nume, trying to move her hands away. Nume shook her head and licked Blade's cheek. Blade then felt something at her butt cheek... "What the?" she said trying to look around. Nume rolled Blade around until her back is pressed against her slimy chest. She was able to look down, then she gasp and blush at the sight.
The Shiny Goodra was actually a herm with her throbbing member being long, hard and twitching. Nume saw Blade had finally figured it out and whispered in her ear, licking it a bit too. "Amazing, isn't it~?" "You... You are a... You're a... you..." she said stuttering, flustered to say giggled and pressed the tip at Blade's anus, making her panic and struggle to get out of the Shiny Goodra's grip. "N-No! I'm not ready for something THAT big!" Nume smiled and kneeled herself down before pushing inside the Dewott a bit. "Don't worry. I'll be as gentle as possible." she said to her warmly.333Blade is not convinced as she winced in pain and yelled for help. "PETAL, DYNA, ECO! HELP ME!" Her voice echoed around.
(Meanwhile at Blade and Petal's house.)
Petal (now a Bayleef), Eco (now a Servine) and Dyna (now a Raichu) were all having sex with Eco lying on her back thrusting upwards in Petal who was on top of Eco. And Dyna mounting on Petal's back, thrusting in her butt. Petal were moaning in pleasure alongside everyone when they heard something. "Did you all hear something?" Eco heard it too. "Huh, it sounds like someone yelling..." Dyna shrugged it off. "Meh, must be the wind.""I don't know." Petal said at first. Petal thought for a moment but brushed it off as well. "Meh, just the wind."
(Back to Blade and Nume.)
Nume was disoriented from the noise for a second until she shook her head a bit and smiled at Blade who was having tears in her eyes due to her thick shaft entering her anus. Nume saddens at the sight and started to wipe the Dewotts tear away as she waited for the moment for her to get adjusted. Blade still struggled even though her anus was getting used to the size. "Nggh...! My butt feels opened up...!" She soon felt tired from her struggling and collapsed a little. Nume holds her close to her body as she starts to move Blade up and down along her shaft.
Blade moaned in unwilling pleasure as Nume thrusted in and out of her ass. Nume chuckled when she heard the Dewott moan. "Does it feel strange to you even though it's starting to feel nice~...?" Blade looked down and thought. "I-I guess... I don't... Augh~ Know..." "But... Please... stop." she ask blushing. Nume smiled and whispered in her ear. "Don't worry, it'll get better~..." She then had one of her slimy paws rubbing at the Dewott's pussy as she thrusts slowly in and out.
Blade's face was blushing as Nume kept talking. "Don't you think you're deluding yourself? I feel how wet you are." she ask was panting heavily as she then felt one of her breasts being groped by Nume's other paw. "Ah~... Deluding myself...? Oh~... What do you mean...? Haah~..." "I kissed you so sweetly, I let you get adjusted to my girth and I even helped wiped tears off your eyes. Don't you think I'm being caring for you?" Blade thought about it and decided to reply. "I-I suppose so... Mmm~... But this is too sudden... Eee~... You should've just... Guh~... Asked...!"
Nume moves and places her mouth on Blade's neck, licking and sucking on it. "Yeah you got me there. I'm sorry, you were just too beautiful." "Augh~... Does that mean you won't... Mrrmm~... C-Cum in me...? I-I feel so... Errgh~... Close~...!" Blade shut her eyes tight, waiting for the inevitable, hoping the Goodra will stop. Nume looks at her. "But I..hah, want to..Mmm, fill your cute hole with my seed." she said meeped and struggled to get out of Nume's hold but it only increased the pleasure a bit. "N-No please! No no no, not like this~!" She cried. "Why not?" Nume ask holding Blade. Blade couldn't answer as Nume went harder and faster. "You'll enjoy it I promise you." she said with a very comforting tone.
Nume then fingered Blade's pussy and squeezed her breast. She felt herself getting close as she decides to relax to the kind Goodra's embrace and thrusting. Nume and then came hard as the Goodra moaned pleasurably and the Dewott screamed and flashed a bright light. "Huh?" she blinked for a monent before realizing. "She's evolving..." Nume then slid her penis out of the screaming Blade to let her evolve and enlarge. Soon the light faded away and the Shiny Goodra was able to see Blade. Blade then looked at herself. "Huh... Wow, I'm... A Samurott now..." "Yes it seems that way." Nume said with a smile.
Blade saw Nume was still here and shuddered a little until the Shiny Goodra herm tackled her in a hug, which the newly-evolved Samurott strangely didn't get startled at. "What's with the hug all of the sudden?" "Oh, I dunno... I guess even when you're a Samurott, you're still pretty~!" Nume replied, nuzzling her head at Blade's neck and mashing each other's breasts. Blade sweat-dropped and somehow feels fine with the herm all of a sudden... 'Why do I feel good around her now...? Could it be that it's because... I'm just as big and mature like her...?' Blade can feel herself getting slimy from the Goodra's body, but somehow finds it arousing to the touch.
Blade at first feels unsure but melted at Nume's cute smile. The Samurott smiled too and pressed her arms at the Shiny Goodra's butt and pressed her pussy on hers. "I'm glad you being more open to my advances~." she smiles as she moans. "Mmhm~... Your slime makes a good moisturizer~..." Blade agreed, rubbing her slit back and forth. Nume looks to see her large cock hard, "You mind if I go straight with you?" she ask.
Blade thought for a moment until she have a warm sigh and smile. "Well, with my labia big enough, your member should enter with ease~" Nume smirked and used her antennae to tie the Samurott's arms from behind and spread her legs with her paws before rubbing her length at her slit. Blade mewled at the warm feeling with her imagination running wild of what would she feel if the Shiny Goodra's member slides in. "You're still tying me up? What for?" she ask her. Nume giggled, licking her lips. "You look so cute tangled up and helpless~" Blade blushed and giggled a bit herself as she looked at their privates. "Well, this looks embarrassing~... I love it." The Samurott chimed quietly and the Shiny Goodra herm leaned down and kissed her in the lips. Right before lining herself up and pushing into her folds.
Blade shivered at the size and warmth of Nume. 'Mmm~ I hate to say it, but... She feels even bigger than Dyna and Eco~...' She thought as her vagina tightened a bit as her penis went in further. Considering her evolution, it didn't hurt as it probably would if she was still a Dewott, though she felt the wide shaft rubbing her walls. Nume, still kissing Blade, winked and slid in fast, being completely inside the Samurott! Blade muffled out a squeal of pleasure when she felt the herm's dick touching her sweet spot, which is the entrance of her uterus.
Blade's arms suddenly slip off from her antennae's grip as Blade moved and slide her hands to Nume's breast and groped them in her paws. Nume lets go of the kiss, gasping when she felt her chest being fondled. "Did your hand slipped again~?" she ask her with a moan as her tip touch Blade's cervix. The Samurott, having one eye closed to relax in pleasure, nodded. "Yeah, I guess all that slime and sweat made me all slippery inside and out~ Aah, you're so thick~! My pussy feels like sucking your dick hard~!" "Feels like it, your pussy is sucking on me silly." Nume said with a tease feeling Blade's pussy pulling on her.
The Goodra pulled out slowly and pushed back in the same slow speed, rubbing her member in and out of the Samurott's labia. Nume then looked at Blade's chest. 'Looks like her body isn't the only thing that got bigger.' she thought with a noticed Nume staring at her now-bigger cleavage and smiled seductively as she wrapped her arms and legs tight around the Shiny Goodra, mashing their breasts together. Nume blushes at the feeling. "Uh, What's going on?" she ask blushing.
Blade smirked seductively. "You're not the only one who can make their crotch throb a bit~" She then made her pussy tighten around Nume's penis, making the Goodra wince in a little pain from the tightness. "Aiee! Please not too tight." Nume squeaks out as she blushes from the tightness. Blade has the same blush as Nume as she teased her. "Aw~... What's the matter~? I thought you felt good in my ass when I was a Dewott but you're not in my tight pussy as I am now~?" Nume blushes at her tone. "It does felt good, but I was giving you time to adjust." she said shocked to be in the one being teased. Blade licked Nume's neck. "Ain't we feeling cute~?" She teased, feeling humiliated yet good inside.
Nume moves her head to Blade's breast and latched onto it. Blade blushed a bit redder. "Yeah I know, I'm sexier now~ Albeit a tiny bit buff too..." Nume gives her a wink as she thrust and suckles at the same time. "Aahah~ Not there~..." Blade teased, liking her nipples being suckled. "Yesss... there." she said sucking on her like a child. "Mmm~" Blade murmured as she thinks about what she had been through since she was an Oshawott. 'I wonder what's going on with my girlfriends now~...?' As her pussy gets plunged by Nume's shaft,
Blade moans as her body spasms from the pleasure. The two were covered in sweat and the Goodra's slime, becoming close to their climaxes. "I'm about to cum, what are you going to do?" Blade ask Nume. "You know as well as I do~..." The Shiny Goodra winked seductively as they both smiled into each other's eyes and picked up the sexy pace faster. Blade then notice her face coming closer to her. "You're not going to..." "Why can't I~?" Nume said, rubbing her cheek against Blade's. "You wanted this as much I wanted it~..."She kissed her fully on the lips entwining their tongues together. 'And she kisses me again, just like I thought she would, but she's right.' she moaned in the kiss as she climax at last.
Blade could feel Nume's warm seed splashing around her womb. Her member sprayed so much in her, it overflowed from her pussy. Nume collapsed over blade, feeling her seed bloat Blade's stomach a bit. Their vaginas still pressed at each other so Nume weakly rubbed her pussy at Blade's. They both murred at the feeling, then Nume lifted off and out of Blade."Love to make some creamy love with you but I've got a mate of my own to return to~" Nume then kisses Blade's neck. "Sex ya later, Bladey~!" She then left.
Blade soon wakes up, weakly getting up spraying some of the Shiny Goodra herm's sperm out of her womb. She look to see a note in her hand: "Hope to see you again soon. XOXO. P.S. you were so cute when your sleeping." Blade smiled at Nume's note and went home to see her friends. She arrives as she announce, "Hi girls, I'm home." They were all surprised to see they've all fully-evolved. Petal is now a Meganium, Eco a Serperior and Dyna a Raichu."Blade you evolved?" Petal ask in shocked and joy. "You all too~!" Blade said with the same tone as Petal.
Eco smiled and pounced at Blade, pinning her down on her back before coiling around her and rubbing her tail against her pussy. "My my~... You're a lot bigger as a Samurott~" Eco commented, staring at Blade's bigger breasts. Petal walked over and teased Blade's pussy, noting seed dripping. "Oho, someone has been filled, what naughty things were you doing behind my back~?" Petal ask trying to look stern, but lust fills her eyes. Blade looked away, blushing shyly. "Well... I've met a new herm friend~... And she left me this note." She gave Petal the note Nume left her. "Next time, I'm coming with you. Maybe I can meet her.." she said as she started looking her over.
Dyna was licking and sucking one of Blade's nipple. and Eco was still coiled around her, sucking her other nipple. "Sure, maybe we could see her mate too~" The Samurott winked before Petal got on top of Blade and kissed. Moans filled the room as they all gotten into a four way when Blade got home. "What a great day." Blade muffled in petal's mouth.


F Buneary X M Pikachu

F Buneary X M Pikachu
Dawn's Buneary dreams about going out with Ash's pikachu, one night she just might have her chance

* * *

The sun was shining outside as Ash, Dawn, and Brock decided they deserve a little break on their journey. So they decided to start setting up camp to relax. Pikachu was playing with the group by grabbing Ash's cap and the others chased him. One however was watching. A Buneary was sitting in a flower field watching the mouse pokemon run around. Each time it seemed he would pass her, she'd cover her face with her fur. It looks like she's trying to keep the wind from her face. But it was for a different reason. It's to actually keep anyone from seeing her blush. Specifically, keep Pikachu from seeing it.
When they're away, Buneary lay on the ground and started daydreaming. She imagined Pikachu beside her and cuddling her. Her daydreams always have her smiling and she started getting a naughty image. The blush started to grow around her face as she started feeling warm. She shook her head to try and remain decent. She takes a deep breath and her blush disappears. 'Like he'd ever be close to me.' She lays there with a sigh.
(Later that night.)
The gang were eating dinner. Buneary was eating next to Dawn and Pikachu was with Ash. Buneary would occasionally stare at Pikachu. Every time the electric type would look at her, she quickly looks away. He would just shrug and resume eating. After dinner, the group went away and prepared to sleep for the night. All the while Buneary kept thinking of her crush. She closes her eyes to prepare to sleep. But she couldn't get comfy. A little while, her ears perked up as she heard footsteps. She sat up and walked to the tent entrance.
There she saw Pikachu walking off somewhere. She tilted her head in confusion. "Where is he going?" she said as she bounce to his direction, making sure not to get spotted. He kept walking without trying to hide. As he was walking, he heard something behind him snap, he turn to see what's behind him. But he saw a bare path behind him. "Must've heard things." he said as he continues walking. Buneary panted as she had ducked into a brush at the last second. She looks out to see him walking, so she moves as well. This time watching out for any twigs.
After a little while, some rustling can be heard from the bushes. Pikachu stopped and turned to face them. "Whoever's out there hiding, come out." he calls out. That's when several forms jumped out. Pikachu looked shocked as he sees a Mawile, a Sneasel, a Magby, and a Quilava. "Why are you here?" "This is our territory, and no rat is gonna waltz in here." grinned the Sneasel. "I didn't know you had a territory." he said at them. "I was just walking by." "Doesn't matter, now you have to pay the price!" Mawile walks towards him, her other mouth snapping.
He considered fighting, but knew he was outnumbered. He turn tail and tries to run. "Don't you try to run." Quilava said as they chase after him. Buneary runs after them, making sure she's being careful. Pikachu kept running until he was forced to the face of the cliff. "No were to run now." Sneasel sneers at the mouse pokemon "Don't make me fight you." Pikachu crouched in a ready stance. "Fight us, they're four of us and only one of you." Magby stated. That's when he heard some noise behind him.
Magby looked behind him and barely dodged an Ice Beam in its way. They all turned to see Buneary standing there. "What are you doing here?" Magby asked her. "I won't let you hurt him." she spoke with determination. Quilava smirks, "Just walk away little girl." he said with a cocky tone. His answer came from another Ice Beam. It hit him straight in his face as he backed away from the impact, though still standing. "Wrong move, girly." Magby launches towards Buneary, his fist in flames launching towards her. She responded with Dizzy Punch.
Her attack connects to his face, he staggers back a number of places, his head spinning. Pikachu took the chance to use Iron Tail on the Mawile. She winces from the hit and launches Iron Head at him. He dodged and used Quick Attack. It hit her straight in her chest. She stumbled as the Sneasel came at him with Ice Fang. He winces from the cold pain on his shoulder. But retaliated with Thundershock. Quilava launches a Flame Wheel at the rabbit. Buneary jumped out of the way. When the flames clear, she landed on him with a bounce.
After a little while, the pack was sore and beaten. "Fall back!" Mawile called out as the group runs off. Pikachu and Buneary panted with relief. Buneary turns to Pikachu and offers her paw. "Are you alright?" "Yeah, but how did you come by so fast?" "Well, I saw you going somewhere and I got concerned…" Buneary explained. "You followed me?" "Yes I did, I was worried you get in trouble after all." she said looking away. 'He probably thinks I'm weird now.' "Well, why were you concerned about me?" Buneary gulped in nervousness. "Well the thing is I… I like you." she finally said to him.
Pikachu looked at her in confusion. Her expression saddened as she said. "I know you only see me as a friend and all, but I really care about you." she dug her paws to the ground. 'She's serious.' he thought. He started to blush after that thought, he had felt something for her, but didn't know what it was. But it seemed like now was the perfect time to say anything. "Come with me." he said started walking. "Where?" "You'll see." he gives her a smile. Buneary blushed seeing the smile as she started to walk with him to wherever he intends to go.
They left the forest and he started walking to a cave. Buneary looks confused and turns to him "Why did you bring me to a cave?" "For this." He moves towards her and strokes her fur with his paws. Buneary blushed at how close they were. Then Pikachu puts his face with hers, planting his lips to hers gently. 'He's kissing me!' her face blushes even more as she thought this. He even gently rubbed her cheek without pulling away. Buneary hugs her arms around the electric type's body, kissing back Pikachu. All the while jumping for joy inside her head.
As they kiss, Pikachu's paws move lower on her body. Feeling her soft fur in between his paws. She wonder what's he doing as they move to her lower body. She shivered while feeling her face heat up. She feels his paws stop and touching her slit. She let out a small squeak. He rubs her paws on her entrance slowly and gently. All the while he kept kissing her. She murrs in his mouth as she felt the warmth she felt before move through her body again. 'I don't want this to end.' Pikachu then starts to push Buneary on her back and moving himself around. All the while rubbing her slit.
Soon they were in a 69 position as Pikachu started to lick her entrance with his tongue. Buneary softly moaned and saw he was starting to get hard. She places her paws on his member and stroked him. Marveling that this was happening. Pikachu moans as her soft paws rubbed his member. He licked her slit softly, but whimpered a bit as she stopped stroking. But then he felt something wet surround it in it's place. He groaned as Buneary slid her mouth onto the tip. "Ahh.." he moans because it felt so good. 'So salty.' thought Buneary. She started moving back and forth on him.
Pikachu lapped at her wet slit while slowly pushing his tongue inside. Buneary was shivering as she felt his tongue. She took it as the sign to try and bob her head faster. Soon he felt she was ready and lifted off her. He turned around and crawled over. "I think we're both ready now." he said as he moves to her face, his cock poking her entrance. She shyly nodded with a bright blush. "I'll try to be gentle as possible." he said as he started to push inside her. She let out a gasp as the tip pushed in while the rest started sliding in. He groaned as well from the tight feeling enveloped her. 'So snug.'
He keeps going as slow as he can until he reached her hymen. "K-Keep going." she got out with a blush. He hold her closely as he pushes forward hard. His cock broke through the hymen. Buneary cries out as tears run down her face. Pikachu leaned down and hugged her as he stayed still. She smiles as the pain starts to vanish, "I'm okay now." Pikachu nodded before pulling back and pushing back in. She murrs in his ear as she squeezes around his length. "Faster." Hearing that, Pikachu starts to move faster in and out of her. Both grunting from the feeling.
"It feels so good in me." Buneary moaned with each thrust. "You feel so tight as well." Pikachu said as he thrusted harder. Both of them started moaning louder as Buneary reached up and hugged him as he kept moving in and out of her. "I'm feeling close." the normal type said to him. "Me too." grunted Pikachu. The two smiled and shared one more kiss before both moaning out. Pikachu's cock twitched before filling her pussy with his seed. The two finished kissing as he finished unloading into her. They pulled away with Pikachu slipping out of her.
"Thank you." she said cleaning herself up. "No problem." The two started walking back to camp, close to each other. "Where will you be sleeping?" Pikachu asked Buneary. "With you." "Good to hear that." Pikachu smiles as they head to Ash's tent. "After you." "How sweet." she giggled walking in. He enters as he lays down next to Buneary, holding her. "Good night." "Good night." As the Electric type, Buneary had one more thought before she closes her eyes; 'Dreams really can come true.'


M Keldeo X F Virizion

M Keldeo X F Virizion
After some sparing practice, Keldeo and Virizion talk about things that they love and care about.

* * *

The clearing was blowing grass to the side as two four legged pokemon stand against each other. One was Keldeo and the other Virizion. Keldeo charged toward Virizion with Aqua Jet. She retaliated by sidestepping out of the way. He landed on his feet and launched at her with Aqua Jet again. This time she used Magical Leaf. He barely stepped out of the way of her attack. Then looked up as she used Giga Impact on him. It hit him and knocked him back. He struggled to get up, and was able to do so and launch Hydro Pump at Virizion. This time it hit since she had to recharge from her attack.
The force of it caused her to slide back from it, but was still standing. "Nice try." "All right, how about this?!" Keldeo struck her with Aqua Tail. She went rolling on the ground from the impact. Keldeo pant a bit too as he kept an eye on her. She slowly stood up. Keldeo saw this and prepared for anything. "I think that's enough for today." Virizion announced. Hearing this, Keldeo relaxed himself and left his stance. "That was rough." He limped a bit from the Giga Impact earlier, not fully recovered from it. "You okay?" "A little sore, that attack was strong." he told her. "You'll get strong too in no time." "Well I feel like I was getting better though." he said feeling a little proud. "That you were."
Virizion tossed him a few berries. He caught them before sitting down and eating some to regain his strength. "Your training is paying off." she said with a smile. "Thank you again." The two started to eat the berries she shared with him. After they finished they started to walk through the forest. All the while taking in the sights. "The forest is so beautiful." Virizion said smiling at the scene. "Yeah." "The beauty of forests and flowers are what help me keep strong." "So you can keep strong for all of time?" "That's right, I want to protect those I care and love." "Same here." Virizion smiles, "Tell me Keldeo, what are the things you care and love?" "Friends, family…."
Virizion listens as he voiced his list. "Anything else?" "Um…" he thinks of anything else he loves. Then looked towards Verizon. "Y-you." "Me?" "Yes, you're also someone I care and love." Keldeo said. Virizion was stunned. Keldeo blushes at the confession. "I shouldn't have said anything." He paused a bit. "I'm sorry." "About what?" "I didn't mean to make things awkward." "If you think it's awkward, you're wrong. I find it flattering." Keldeo looks at her in surprised. "Really?" "Really." she nodded. He smiles at the words, he was really nervous about the whole thing before, but now he was brimming with joy. "Well now that I gotten it out, shall we go?" Keldeo asked. "We shall."
He smiles at the grass/fighting type as he starts to move, Verizion though made sure to lead the way. She moved along the path she's leading Keldeo on, smiling all the way. Keldeo started to notice they were going somewhere different. "Virizion, where we're going? I thought we'll be meeting the other Swords of Justice." "This is just a little detour." Keldeo looks confused, but shook it off and kept following. Soon they reached a large spacious field. They look to see a field of beautiful flowers blanketing the ground. "Whoa." he said. "Let's stop here for a moment." "Okay." he said as he looks over the field. Virizion sat down. "Come sit next to me."
Keldeo moves over so he next to Virizion and sat down. All the while blushing at how close they were. He can smell something sweet and found out it was coming from Virizion. "You smell nice." She leaned down to his ear. "So do you." He shivers at her sweet tone as he felt her body touching his now, feeling her warmth. He didn't want to move away.
Then his mind started to wonder from the nice feeling, dreams floating through his mind. All involving Verizion and himself. They were nuzzling each other, murring from the touch. Then it turned hot very fast. Like he's nibbling her neck. She would moan the more he did it, he moved his head upwards until he's licking her neck. She moaned and moved down till they started kissing. Their tongues intertwined as they suckle each others tongue. Pretty soon it got to the point they had to pull back. They were smiling as they panted for breath.
Then he would look down and see his erection. She caught sight of it and smiles. Keldeo would look away with a blush. Virizion moves down and gave it a lick. That's when his daydream ends abruptly as he shakes his head. 'Whoa I had weird dreams.' That's when he felt something wet around his groin. "What's that feeling?" he said as he looks down. That's when he saw Verizion herself sucking on his cock. "Wh-Wha?" he said in shock and embarrassment. "Have a fun dream?" she asked around his cock. "M-my dream?" he ask with a moan from her warm mouth surrounding his length.
She smiles as she slows down her lapping. "Yup. I mean when you started nuzzling my neck, that was pretty brave of you, but it felt good." 'Oh man.' he thought in embarrassment. "Then I felt your teeth nibbling me. that brought a moan from me. Even more as you lick upwards along the way." 'Please stop.' But Virizion kept going. "I just had to move my head down too, and when our lips touch, my mind exploded, I didn't know you were such a good kisser." 'Oh Arceus, please stop this.' he pleaded in his mind. Virizion then adds the finishing touch, "Then you started kissing me with your tongue, wrapping around mine and I was blown away."
He shivers at the words. "I thought it was just a dream." he stutters as she started moving her mouth. He groaned as he even felt her swish her tongue around. "Guess dream became reality." she said as she move forward more. Keldeo gulped as she laid her body on top of his. She murrs as she moved all the way down on his cock. "Mmm, not bad." He blushes as he thrusted upwards in her mouth. It was bigger than he thought, but her tongue easily licked all around his cock. "It feels so good Virizion." he moans out. She was glad to hear that and started licking faster.
He shudders from the tongue licking him. He lay back and enjoyed the feeling. As she sucks, she notes his cock throbbing in her mouth more often. 'He's going to cum.' Keldeo shivers as a building pressure builds within himself, he groans and cries out as he couldn't take it any longer. He felt his seed spew into the female's mouth. Virizion relax her throat and gulped down all his seed. Then she pulled up and grinned at Keldeo. "Ha.. How was it Virizion?" he asked. "Salty, but good." Keldeo smiles at the words. "Thank you." he said. "Now we can move on." "Move on to what?" he looks confused. "Sex."
He blushes as Virizion moves upwards and Keldeo notice something pink underneath her. "Don't you see how wet I am Keldeo, how much my body needs you?" she ask rubbing her entrance to his tip. "Fuck me like you truly are my lover." He blushes at her words as he lines up his tip to her pussy and pushes upwards. Both gasped at the sensation. Even with just the tip in, the sensation was incredible. "You can move you know." spoke the grass type. He recovers and started to move deeper inside her pussy. Blown away at how warm and soft it felt.
He moves down and up inside Virizon moaning from the warmth. "Go deeper!" "All right." he said as he starts to thrust as deep as he could. It seemed she got warmer the deeper he went. Virizion let out a pleasured moan as he touch her cervix. "Yesss, that's it." Keldeo tried to keep hitting the spot without fail. "Good, now harder!" Keldeo tried to comply by putting more force behind his thrusts. "Ahhh!" Virizion lays on Keldeo in response, shivering in bliss. "Harder!" He closes his eyes as he tries to put more force in it, practically shaking her every time he go in. "It's so tight!"
She murred as she felt her pussy twitching and feeling warmer. "Keep going!" He does so the best he can. "I'm getting close." "Make sure to let it out inside!" she tells him as she felt close too. 'Will he outlast me I wonder?' Keldeo was surprised, but tried to oblige and move faster. He felt on fire as he turns to look at Virizion's pleasured face. That was what pushed him over the edge. He cries out as he shoots his seed deep inside her pussy. Virizion cries out as her orgasm hit, her juices splashing all over his cock.
Both stayed in that position as they rode out their orgasms. They pant in fatigue as they share each other's warmth as they smile. "So, was I good?" he asked. Virizion thought about it. "Not too bad, but could use a little resistance training." Keldeo agreed to that. He felt happy at such a feeling. "Well I did what you said, fuck you like a lover would." "This is true." "Now I think it's time we meet the rest." Keldeo nods as she said. "I think you're right." Both stood up and walked back to the mountain. Enjoying the closeness of each others company more.


Joshua (M Zoroark)X Cody (M Dragonite)

Joshua (M Zoroark)X Cody (M Dragonite)
During a time of war, Cody had some terrible news about his wife leaving him for someone else. This gets him down until the camp leader comes to try to help him gets his spirits up.

* * *

The pokemon camp was bustling with warrior pokemon on patrol. It had been 3 years into the great pokemon war and no regions or alliances have won the war. A lot of pokemon were feeling stress and strain from the years of war. Many friends and family died over the years, but only a small few have survived beginning of the war to now. One pokemon in particular was patrolling the campgrounds was a Zoroark.
Leader of the squad Foxtrot-Bravo Shotgun, his name was Joshua, otherwise known as his wartime nickname; Winter's fury He was checking on the status of his team, concern about their morale and all. One specifically, who recently discovered his wife back home had left him for another, this one was a Dragonite, and after he learned this, he barely spoke at all for the past 2 months, mainly relying on actions to speak for him. While checking on others, he found the Dragonite Cody, sitting in the barracks.
Cody was just looking at the recently sent photo of his son, who himself recently joined the army and was currently in boot camp "Cody." Joshua let himself be known. Cody looked up from the picture and looked Joshua in the eyes before speaking a reply "Y-yeah Winter?" He said, still not really wanting to speak "How you holding up officer?" he ask checking up on him. "I've been better, but I learned that my son's being moved to this camp once his training finishes" Cody said, a smile appearing on his face. "That's good to hear. Bet he'll make his father proud." Joshua said smiling back.
Cody chuckled slightly "Heh, yeah, but I still miss my old wife... Before she left me." Cody said, beginning to look sad again. Joshua places his hand on the dragon's shoulder in a effort to comfort him. Cody just smiles weakly at Joshua's attempts to comfort his friend and squad mate, before speaking "You should probably get to your bed Winter, it's getting late and we got standard training early tomorrow morning." "Yeah, and hey, if you ever need anyone to to talk to. You know what to do." he said before patting his back and leaving. Cody smiled before saying "Good night." and going to sleep.
Joshua headed back to his room and prepared for bed. As he prepared, he tried thinking of how exactly he could help Cody get over losing his wife to another pokemon. "I'm trying to comfort him and all, but what else I can do for him?" Josh then thought of something he knew he shouldn't have, having some "fun" with Cody. "What am I thinking? He's not like that, and neither am I." he said to himself. To clear his mind, Joshua decided to head out of his tent and get a bit of fresh night air to clear his mind.
He takes a deep breath, enjoying the peace he has for now. He knew that the next morning all he would hear is yelling, gunfire, and the ocean that surrounded their camp, there was also a little joke about how the ocean was created by someone who was so salty that when they jumped into a lake it became the ocean. He couldn't help but started chuckling at the joke, finding it funny.
He then went on to thinking about Cody and his problem. "But...he had a wife, I'm pretty sure." he started walking. "Then again," Joshua said, "I've heard stories of soldiers changing after something like this happens to them."He stopped and he looked shocked that he was at Cody's barracks. "I suppose I couldn't hurt finding out." Joshua sighs as he said that as he prepares to open the tent.
As he stepped in, he heard what he assumed to be... His name? He shakes his head as he tries to listen closely to make sure. What he hears next seems to be a combination of his name, light moans, and wet schlicks. 'Wh-what is he doing? He couldn't be... Could he?' he ask as he tries to make out the words. He decides to peek at whatever Cody is doing through the door What he saw next totally shocked his whole being. There, Cody was lying in his own bed, wanking off while Joshua could hear his name repeated over and over again between Cody's moans and grunts.
He feels a little awkward speaking out in his position, so he pop his head outside and knock the door. "Cody?" This causes Cody to jolt up before quickly getting back into uniform and opening the door, to see Josh standing outside "Hm? O-oh, it's you Winter, you need something?" He asked, unaware that Joshua just recently saw him wanking it. "Um.. well, I was in my room, but I couldn't sleep. I can't help but wonder if I can do anything to help you recover from your wife leaving you." Cody's eyes widened up before speaking "Um, n-not really, I'm fine" Cody said, embarrassment swimming through his mind "Cody... I don't like it when I see someone upset. It's okay, if they're anything I can do to help you can tell me." Joshua said with a smile.
Cody just slightly blushed before speaking again "er, I'm fine, don't worry about me dude." But Joshua just stands there, waiting for a different kind of response. Cody sighs, knowing what probably happened, " You... Heard what was going on earlier, didn't you?" He asked. Joshua nod, "Just a moment ago." he said. Cody just brings a claw behind his head and speaks just a couple of simple words, "Well shit." "Sorry it was a total accident. I wondered outside as I was thinking about how to help when I approached your barracks and heard you say my name or something." he explained.
This just caused Cody's blush to get even stronger before he just gave in and pressed his lips against Joshua's, surprising him. The Zoroark froze as he couldn't think of anything to do at the Cody pulled away he spoke, his blush still strong "Er... S-sorry..." Was all he could manage out. "You could start with a explanation?" he said starting to blush. Cody just sighed before explaining himself "Well, it's just that ever since I learned my wife left me, I gave up looking for another girl to love, but for whatever reason I just couldn't stop thinking of you afterwards, comforting me, being a great friend, and your general personality," he stated before jokingly adding in, "and that ass though!" Before chuckling at his own remark
Joshua however wasn't chuckling, instead his blush reddens more. "What about my ass?" he ask. Cody just waved it off "Just a little joke, but seriously, there's so many gay pokemon that would love to claim your ass" he stated, looking Joshua dead in the eyes "C-Cody... What are you saying?" he ask looking at him. Cody decided to stop beating around the bush and just straight up explain, "I'm saying that you've got a god damn sexy ass body," he stated bluntly. Joshua couldn't help but blush at his words, liking it.
Cody then just stood, saying nothing, only leaving awkward silence. "When I was coming here, I been having thoughts about... having fun wit you." he admitted with a blush. Cody's eyes widened when he heard what Joshua said, "W-well, we could if you want, Winter." "I don't really mind." Cody simply nodded before pulling Joshua into his barracks and closing the door behind them. "I might have misheard what you said, but you shouldn't give up on love." he said encouraging him.1Cody simply responded by grabbing Joshua and pulling him in to kiss him again. oshua closes his eyes as he went and kisses him back.
Cody then placed his hands on Joshua's ass, causing him to jump slightly at his touch. He smiles at the touch regardless of the jump. After about 30 seconds of the lip locking, they pulled away for air, before Cody then removed Joshua's jacket and undershirt off of him, before smiling and bringing his left claw to touch his tough pecks. "So how's my muscle tone?" he ask him teasingly. Cody chuckled and responded, "Big and rough," he spoke before adding "Just like me," he chuckled, going back to kissing Joshua. Joshua started to take off Cody's coat and shirt as well, leaving his top bare as well.
Cody wasn't as fit as Joshua, as before the war he was, well, fat, but he still had tough muscles visible "Well, you not very fit, but you still got good muscles on you." Joshua said. Cody just smiled before pulling Joshua close and nibbling on his neck. "Ah." he got out from the nibbling, holding him close to his body. Cody brought his left hand down from Joshua's chest and began unbuckling his pants His skin tingles as he claws move down his body gently, he trails his body down to Cody's lower body as well.
This causes a stifled grunt from Cody, before he finishes unbuckling his own pants. 'Are we... really going this far? We're taking each other's close off. Are we gonna...' Joshua shudders as he boxers were dropped, leaving him completely nude. Cody just pulled his head away from Joshua's neck and replied, "Yep." he said, noting Joshua's facial expression before going back to nibble on Joshua's neck. Joshua looks down as he sees he completely naked in front of him as well. Cody brought his left hand to Joshua's chest before pushing him onto his bed. "Ngh.." he grunted a bit as he looks upwards at what's going on.
Cody smiled before pressing a claw against Joshua's hole, wondering how he'd react. "Ahh.." he shudders from him rubbing him down there. Cody smiled at the response he got, "You really like this, don't you?" He asked. Joshua blushes the feeling, "It does feel a little nice." he said to him blushing. Cody then proceeded to put a single claw inside of Joshua's ass. The dark type winces at the claw spreading his walls around it. Cody just smiled and pressed his lips back against Joshua's. Joshua felt his body on top of his as he kiss him back, opening his mouth as well.
Cody pressed his tongue into Joshua's mouth, whilst moving his claw inside Joshua's body around to stretch him out. Cody smiles as he felt Joshua tense up, shuddering as he held onto his body and kept him close. Joshua grunted loudly at feeling his hole being stretched. "I feel like I'm going to melt..." he said as pleasure moves through his body. Cody laughed a bit, "Well, I have had practice with this before" he said. "Really?" Joshua asked, though he does know the answer. Cody just smirks "Yeah, my old wife, and more recently, me." he says nonchalantly. "I never had anyone before..." he said as he looks away from him, hoping to hide his blush from him.
Cody just smiled and responded, "well everyone has their first." He blushes as he feels their cocks hard and touching each other.
Cody moved his head up to Joshua's ear before speaking in a sort of low, predatory voice, "On to the main event~." he said, before rubbing himself against Joshua's asshole. Joshua blushes at the situation. "I'm the captain of the forces, and yet I'm bout to be taken by my commanding officer. Ironic, don't you think?" he ask with a chuckle, but he was nervous to the core. Cody chuckled along but noticed that Joshua was nervous, so he gave a reassuring smile before slowly pressing into Joshua. The fox closes his eyes and clenches his teeth hoping to endure the pain. Watching Cody smile helped with the comforting.
Cody pulled Joshua up and kissed him whilst bringing a claw down to rub Joshua's erection Joshua let out a soft moan in the Dtagonite's mouth as he relax and enjoy the embrace. Cody slowly sped up his thrusting, as well as how deep he was going, he felt that he might release prematurely purely because of just how tight Joshua was. Joshua was blushing bright red as he held Cody close so their heads were each other's shoulders. "Ahh... hahh... hahh." Joshua moans in Cody's ear as he pants in pleasure.
As Cody kept going, he eventually started feeling a pressure buildup in him, so he warned Joshua, "W-winter, I'm about to cum!" He stated, thrusting and rubbing Joshua faster. Joshua heard him and gave him a sweet smile. "It's okay, let it out in me." he said as he tries to push downwards. Cody nodded, before shoving himself all the way into Joshua and releasing his hot and sticky seed into Joshua, panting. Joshua shudders at the warm seed filling him as he cums as well, relaxing on the bed with a smile.
Cody then pulled out and layed next to Joshua in his bed, before chuckling and remarking "I wonder how the others will react to this" he stated, before falling asleep. "We'll deal with it if it comes to it." he said as he hugs him before going to sleep. The morning comes as Joshua makes final preparations for their upcoming journey. Cody, after finishing getting into uniform, gave Joshua a small kiss on the cheek before heading out to start drills. "Hold on!" he calls him before he exits. Cody stops just before the door, looking back at Joshua,"Yeah?" He asked. "After the war's over, what are you going to do?"
Cody thought for a moment before deciding what to say, "If we both survive this war, I plan on finding a new home, and living my life... With you." Cody said, a grin appearing on his face. Joshua smiles as he said. "I'm counting on you Cody." he said. Cody replied by nodding, before wrapping an arm around Joshua's neck and responding, "well, let's get to training, I'm counting on you too, Winter's Fury." he stated before the two walked out the door to begin training. "One more thing... Call me Joshua." The Zoroark said with a warm smile.

* * *

Cheers to the 50'th chapter in PokePartners.


Logan(M Leafeon) X Millie(F Slyveon)

Logan(M Leafeon) X Millie(F Slyveon)
After their trainers had a baby, Logan talks to Millie about having a child themselves. Though hesitant at first, her brothers teasing and sweet talk lets her go along with it.

* * *

It was a rather sunny day as our story begins at a tent. Two people were inside waking up. One female the other male. The female let out a yawn as she sees a sylveon laying next to her side. She reached over and rubbed the fairy types head. Millie wakes to her trainer's hand as she nuzzles it back. "Sleep well?" Millie takes her tendrils and wrap it around her arm in response. "That's a yes." The female human turned to see her brother had woken up, petting his Leafeon. "Sleep well?" The male turns to his sister, "Just fine. You?" "Like a rock." The male chuckles as he went and kisses her cheek.
Millie smiles as she watched them. That's when she felt someone nuzzle her head. "Oh Logan, Good morning." "Good morning beautiful." Millie wraps her tendrils around him. "So how did you sleep last night?" "Not bad, but I'd rather be buried in you first thing in the morning." he growled in her ear. She let out a giggle as she blushes from his tone. Ever since their first time, Millie has gotten used to her brother teasing her. "Wanna start off early?" he asked licking her cheek. "You can't be serious?" she ask him, shuddering from his tongue. "Nope." "Right now. In front of them?" she blushes at the thought. "Oooh, even better." he purred into her ear.
"Well I suppose if you're that horny~..." During their times, they tried a lot of different sexual positions at the time, even Logan letting Millie ride him, always teasing her by telling her if she wants it, she has to do it herself. "You betcha." Logan started nibbling her neck softly moving down her body. His hot cock rubbing against her leg. "So.. hot." she murrs from feeling his heat. He raised it up to her pussy before slamming straight inside her. "Oooh." she moaned as her pussy wrap around his cock. He slowly pulled back before slamming back inside as he started moving his hips.
The boy and girl heard moaning and look forward to see Millie and Logan making love in front of them. "Maybe we should get into it too?" grinned the boy grabbing the girl's chest. "I guess there's a thing called morning sex." she said opening her blanket. Her brother grinned and crawled in closer with his dick rubbing against her ass. The female moaned in his ear as the touch already has her wet. Without warning he rubbed the tip against her pussy before burying it all inside her. "Haahh!" she moans out in pleasure as she holds onto his body close.
Both males moved their hips repeatedly into the respective females. Millie brings her tendrils around Logan's back and strokes it back and forth. "Faster!" she moaned. Logan grins as he starts to pumps his cock faster at her request. "Oh yes!" She felt her body shuddering as she tries to hold back her climax. But it was hard since Logan had managed to figure out her weak spots. "S-slow down." she moans as she lay down a bit. "Nope." "But why?" she asked getting a moan out as well. "I like hearing you moan." he grinned as he kept moving. Millie closes her eyes as she moans loudly, spraying her juices on her brother's shaft. He was still moving since he had gotten stronger stamina than before.
She tries to stay upwards as she moans in pleasure, "Logan… ahh, so good." "Don't worry, I'm close." he grunted going faster. "Yes." she moans as her knees are shaking. Logan moved for a few more minutes before burying his cock inside her and started cumming. "Aaahh." she moans as she stands there for him. Feeling his sperm fill her snatch. Millie laid down after he finished, not too tired but mainly to just lay down. "That was nice." she said to him. "I know, I'm the best." The humans relaxed as well as they finished.
The female looks a little unwell as she lays down. "You alright?" asked the boy rubbing her back. "Oh yeah, just feel a little stomach ache that's all." "Need anything?" "Just a little water maybe." she asked. "I'm on it." he reaches into their bag and took out a bottled water and hand it to her. "Thanks."
(Timeskip)
"How ya feeling now?" the boy asked his sister. "Alright." she answers her brother. Her belly slightly swollen than last time. "We should probably head to the hospital." she tells him. "Well of course. No way can I deliver a baby." replied the boy. "Yeah smartass," she blew a raspberry at her brother. We now cut back to Logan and his sister. Millie was still flat as pokemon need to mate at least 3 times in a day for a possibility to become pregnant. She looks at her trainer in concern. "I hope she'll be alright."
At the hospital, the group were waiting for the results. "Are you the father?" asked the doctor walking over to the boy. He looks at the doctor who ask the question. "Does that mean?" "Yes, she's given birth." He smiles as he asked, "May I see them. Are they okay?" he asked in concern. "They're perfectly alright. But I'd like to talk to you after seeing them." He was concern as to what he wants to talk about. "Okay." "They're this way." the boy and the pokemon follows him. He lead them to a room and opened it. He saw her sister on the hospital bed holding their child. He walked over as she smiled up at him. "How you feeling?" "Just fine, and tired." He smiles as he looks over at the sleeping baby in her arms. "He's beautiful."
Millie and Logan climbed up and look at the child. "Wow.. a baby." she said looking at it. "Kinda makes you think." She turns to her brother, "What do you mean?" "What if we tried having one?" She blushes a bit at his words. "I don't know…" "Why not?" "It just seems too soon." she answers. "Well, if you're so sure." Millie then said, "I'm heading outside." she said as she goes down and starts walking. "Where ya going?" he ask. "Going to take a drink from the hospital fountain at the plaza outside." she tells him. "Alright."
She steps outside as the Doctor comes in. The boy turns to him. "What you want to talk about?" "You two are siblings, am I right?" He looks downward as he said. "Yes… we are." "Well I just wanted to be sure." He looks at him. "Well it's true. She's my sister." "Well after seeing the DNA of the child and looking at both your records, I wanted to double check with you two before jumping to any conclusions. "Okay." the boy said. "Don't worry, there's no rule against incest, but I would suggest you try to keep it to one child less the future kids start gaining birth defects." "Thank you doctor." he said, the doctor nods as he leaves the building.
Millie lapped at the water, easily quenching her thirst. She looks at the night sky, deep in thought of the recent events. 'I can't believe they have their own child.' She then thought of her brothers words afterwards. 'Our own kid? But it's so soon.' 'I mean, I most likely would allow him to give me one but..' "Hey sis." She look to see her brother behind her. "Logan? What are you doing here?" "I wanted to come out and get some fresh air." "Oh I see." she smiles at the answer. She saw him look upwards. "What are you looking at?" "The sky is so beautiful with the stars out." he answers.
Millie looked up to see he was right . "Yeah it is beautiful." "I still want you to get pregnant you know?" he said. "I know, I heard." She looks at the Leafeon. "It does interest me." she said noticing Logan's moving close to her. "Really?" he asked. "Yeah, just don't you think it's too early?" she ask as he was next to her. "Really? Well don't we try working on it now?" he grinned. She blushes as she moves away, "C-come on Logan." she blushes embarrassed, but something inside her is rather excited. "Come on~" he purred in her ear. "Just picture it, laying on her side, belly large." he said licking her neck.
She shivered picturing it. "Feeling movement inside, I'll be nuzzling your softly feeling our child kick." She blushed as he nuzzled her cheek. "K-keep talking." she said relaxing to his teasing. "Then when you give birth, we can go ahead and make another one." he grinned. "We'll make more kids?" she ask as he nibbled her ears. "Of course." She shudders at the words as he started licking her cheek. "And we can keep going even when our kids have kids." She shudders at the words. "All you have to do is say so, and we can start." he smiles at her blushing face as he moves so their eye to eye.
'Oh to heck with it being too soon.' she thought as she look in his eyes. "Let's make some children." she went and kiss her brother. Logan grinned and returned it before pushing her onto her back. She shudders at the feeling as they wrap her tongue around his and wrestle for dominance. Both of them feeling their bodies heat up fast. She loves it when they make out in the moonlight. It wasn't long before she felt his cock rub against her thigh. "It just feels so romantic right now." she said in bliss. "It's about to get better." he rubs her pussy with his cock, moaning from the friction. "Skip the foreplay?" She shakes her head. "I like foreplay you know."
"Alright, sounds fair." He starts to nuzzle his head to her neck as he breathes in her scent. The smell was making his cock throb even more. "Such a lovely scent you have sister." he murred licking her neck. Millie blushed and let out a moan from the compliment and lick. She uses her tendrils to rub around his body, moving to his cock and balls. They softly moved across it as he groaned. "All right, take me dear brother." "Gladly." He lined up to her entrance and pushed into her pussy. Both grunting as her inner walls were tighten than before. "Why are you so tight?" he ask. "I'm excited." "You're not usually this tight, what's the occasion?" "If we're making a baby, I'd call that something big."
He chuckles at her sister, then start thrusting back and forth. Grunting louder as the friction was making his already throbbing cock harder. Millie was doing her best to push back to his brother's thrust to go deeper, but it seemed his thrusts were stronger than before. "Gee you're going harder, Ohh." she let out a moan afterwards. "I wanna stuff you full of sperm soon as possible." She moans in pleasure as she decides to relax to his thrusting. Her pussy hugging his cock like it was desperate. Logan can feel his climax coming as he fucks her sister hard. "I'm close!" "Yes. That's it. Go and breed me Logan."
Logan went faster before groaning as he started cumming. She moans as she feels his brother seed inside her body. He stayed inside to make sure he shot every drop. Once he's done he slides out of her. Both panted from the session. "I think it's time for another position." he said. "Like what?" "Turn around and expose your ass for me." he grins. Millie smiled and flipped on her stomach before getting on her four legs. She lifts her tail out of the way and wiggles her ass side to side, "Like what you see, anything I need to say." "Nope. Looking is plenty." he grinned moving forward.
He moves and started licking her pink pussy, enjoying the sweet taste. Millie panted as her body was so hot it was driving her crazy. "Stop teasing me and fuck me like a bitch in heat!" she cries out. "Gladly." he brought the tip up to her pussy and slammed back inside. She shudders as his body was on top of her, feeling his head on top of hers. "Start moving!" He thrust his body back and forth in her body. His cock feeling his sperm inside her as it made swishing sounds with each thrust. "You're so cute, being under my body, enjoying my thrust, needing my cock. You're practically addicted to me aren't you?" he said fucking her.
"Yes! I can't live without your dick!" He smiles as he moves to her face and kisses her. She moaned into the kiss as he went faster. "I guess I can say I'm addicted to you, I can't live without your sexy ass." he whispers to her ear. "Keep going!" she moaned. "Anything for you." he said as he push her front down to go faster. "I'm ready to bust another knot inside you." Millie's head was near the ground as he said that. "We want kids right? Well go on and spill your seed in me." she tell him. "Oh, I will." She moans as he goes in her harder than earlier. His thrusts were frantic as he felt his cock expanding.
She cries out as she sprays her juices over his cock. His cock twitched before his sperm shot inside her pussy. She moans as more cum fills her body, "Ah… feels so warm." Logan panted as he felt his cock slip out. She looks confused. "What's the matter? We need to keep going." she tells him. "Only if I hear you beg for it loud and proud." "I need you! I want your kid." she tells him. As she looks at him, it appears he's on his back. "Show me how much you want my sperm." he grinned with his cock standing up in the middle of his legs.
She blushes as she knows what she must do. She walked over on top of him and made sure the tip lined up with her pussy before slowly moving down. "There now, that wasn't so hard was it?" he ask with a cocky smile. She stuck her tongue out at him before slowly moving up and down on his cock, making her shudder as each time his previous sperm was pushed farther in. She moans as she rides him, then she felt vines wrap around her body. Logan started to help lift her up before bringing her down.
She smiles as she felt a vine move downward on her body. It prodded her ass as she kept going. "Sneaky. My pussy's not enough for you~?" she teases her with a erotic smile. "It is, but I want you to moan louder." "I can't moan any louder than I already can." she tells her feeling the vine tip poking her. "Of course you can." he then starts to push her vine into her ass. Millie let out a surprise moan as she moved her hips faster. She tries to contain herself as she takes the double penetration. But she couldn't stop herself from panting and moaning.
She can see him smiling as watches her bounce. "See? Told you." "Yes, you hear me. I can moan louder." she said as she moves to his body, still lowering her lower body faster. "What are you doing?" "What do you think, we're having sex." she purred in his face. He blushes at her words. Then found his lips claimed as she was bouncing much faster as his vine moved in and out of her ass. She was shuddering as her pussy contracted in her. "I think I'm about to cum again." "Me too." he grunted. She smiles as she went and kissed him again, moaning in his mouth as she climax around his cock. His seed erupted inside her and she felt her pussy filled to the brim.
The two make out for a long time before separating, panting to catch her breath. "I'm so full." she panted out. "Do you think… this will be enough?" "I'd say so." She smiles as she starts to get up off him. Shuddering as she felt the sperm inside her swish a little. "Should we go inside to sleep, or you like to sleep outside under the sky?" "I don't think I could move." she smiled laying on top of him. "Outside it is." he noted moving her to the side so they're laying side to they're facing each other, Millie moves so that her pussy envelopes his cock. "You're still horny?" "I think I remember you saying you wanted to be buried in me when you woke up, am I right?" she ask. "Touche."
The two smiles as they snuggle with each other. "I love you brother." "I love you too sis." The two close their eyes as they enjoy each other's warmth.
(Timeskip)
Millie was on her side looking up to the sky. Her belly noticeably big. She rubs it with her ribbon tendrils to soothe the children inside. "How ya feelin?" she jumped a bit as she looks around for the source of the voice. "Just me." spoke Logan walking over. "Oh Logan, I'm fine. Just a little tired." He smiled while rubbing her belly. She sighs as she feels him rubbing her. "Wonder how many are gonna pop out." "I don't know, even now I feel them moving around in my womb." she say feeling their movements now. "I can't wait till they come out." "Why the rush?" "I'm gonna be a dad, that's why."She shudders at the words and movements. "I love it when you rub us like that."
"Oh? You mean like this?" he moved his paws across her belly. Millie purrs from the feeling "Like this." Millie looks to see his shaft starting to throb, hardening. "And you're still insatiable." "The way I see it, you're beautiful pregnant as well." he said with a grin. "Oh you." She smiles, "If you want to…" "You sure that's safe?" "As long as you be gentle with us." she said. "Probably let my pussy be off limits." "Well looks like I'll be using your ass then." he grinned rubbing her hole with the tip. "Please be gentle." she said. "Will do." He lays to her side and start to push in gently.
(Timeskip)
Logan and Millie smiled while looking at a small bed. There laying on them contain two eevees curled up close to each other. "They're beautiful." she said looking at them. "You said it." She went and nuzzle the two with her head softly with her own. The made soft sounds while sleeping and nuzzled back. "Who thought we'd have a son a daughter?" "Maybe it has something to do with the fact you always came inside." She giggled as she turns to Logan, "So what you want to do now?" "I was thinking we give them a little sibling."
She smiles as he licks her chin. "Gee, I wonder what else you want to happen? What other kinks you have." "Let's find out." he growled. She moves onto the bed with him right next to her. She looks at the sleeping children. "Wonder how they'll be when they get older." "Maybe they'll be just like us." "Oh? You mean that they'll…" "Make us grandparents? Yup." "I bet the next you'll fuck our daughter and let our son fuck me." she sighs. "Hmm, now that's an idea." he grinned. She blushes at the words. "I was joking." she admitted. "I'm not."
She blushes as she looks at him, "You're a pervert." she said trying to leave. But he got in front of her. She moved to the other side trying to get off. But he cut her off again. "Okay, move aside Logan." she said to him. "Nope, we gotta work on baby making." he grinned nuzzling her. "But we just gotten up with making a child." she said acting out. "Well, let's make another." he growled pushing her down. She fell on her back and tried to get up, But Logan was stronger. "Come on now." she wiggles trying to slip under him. "Nope. I'm stuffing your womb again." he purred with lust.
She shakes her head, "It's too soon, I'm not even up to it now." she said. Logan shakes his head as he has to tease her verbally. "So you don't want my thick cock inside you, filling your womb with more sperm?" Millie's ear's perked up from the words. "N-no." "Alright, I'll just wait until our daughter's old enough and show her the joys of taking daddy's cock." he grinned. "Mngh." she groans from the teasing. "And you don't have to ever take another drop in you, ever again. Or maybe..." "Maybe what?" "Maybe you want our son's cock in you." he purrs in her ear.
She shuddered picturing the Eevee thrusting into her. "But that would be quite a while, can you even wait that long?" he ask licking her neck. 'No.' she thought shuddering. "Don't deny it, I know we like to love each other, and give each other kids. Ask me to give you more kids." She didn't say anything but nodded her head. "I can't hear you." he nibbles her neck in response. "Fill me up." "What was that?" "FILL ME WITH YOUR SPERM!" He smiles as he lines up to her entrance and sinks inside her. She moaned as he buried his whole cock inside. "Please keep giving me children Logan. Please?" she nuzzling his head. "Gladly."She smiles as he went in and kiss her, happy to be close to her brother, more than the usual way. 'I hope we do this for a long time.'


Blade X Petal X Nume X Ice (H S Aurous)

Blade X Petal X Nume X Ice (H Shiny Aurous)
Blade and petal were exploring the snowy area looking for Nume and her mate's home, they find them but also found themselves in a interesting situation.

* * *

Blade and Petal (now a Samurott and Meganium) were wandering in a winter-like area. "Where are we going?" Petal ask her trudging through the snow. "From what I read from Nume's new note, this is where she and her mate lives..." Blade said looking around. They look around, but all they see is snow and hills. "All I see is snow and just that." Petal whined. Being a grass type, she doesn't like the cold very much. "They have to be around here, you look that way and I'll look that other way." Blade tells her. Petal sighs as the two split up in the direction Blade pointed too.
Blade looked around for a sign of the Shiny Goodra she sexed with until she noticed below her, a glowing purple heart-shaped amethyst. "Oh, how lovely." she said reaching to pick it up. "Hmm... I think I'll give this to Petal as a 'special' surprise~..." Blade then rubs in at her pussy, sighing a bit in pleasure as she slides the jewel inside her. "Ah~... Good thing... Dyna and Eco... Eugh~... Taught me and Petal this trick... Oh~" She soon has the jewel sucked and stuffed in her womb. She let out a moan as she finishes, "Okay, time to find Nume."
Petal was looking around and despite the place being snowy, her body felt a bit warm. "Jeez, the sun maybe here but it's burning my body even in this cold place..." She then laid down on her belly in the snow and used her vines to make snowballs to rub them on her body. She shivers from the cold touching her warm body. "How can I feel so warm out here?" as she reaches for more snow, her hands move over something hard. Petal then saw a beautifully glowing pink heart-shaped jewel. "Ohh, what is this?" she ask looking over the pink crystal. "It's so pretty." she smiles.
Petal looks left and right to find Blade and sighs in relief she isn't around. She then lifts her rear up and spread her legs together before inserting the pink gem in her labia. "Aah~... Good thing Eco and Dyna... Eeh~... Taught me and Blade this technique... Haah~" Petal then has her vagina suck the crystal inside her uterus. "She'll be so happy, but now I need to find these pokemon." She said as she starts to get up, but then starts to hear soft singing nearby. Petal becomes curious and tries to find the source of the song. "What is that song...?" As she song plays, she feels herself getting tired as it plays. Petal soon slumps down and falls asleep. The singing stops when the Grass type fell down.
Meanwhile, Blade, having stuffed the gem she found, went to look for Petal. "Petal? Did you find them yet?" she ask looking for them. "Petal?" Blade asked, looking around for her. As she walks, she thought she heard something in front of her. It was a beautiful singing. "Hm? Where's that nice song coming from...? *Yawn~* It sounds... Familiar..." She drowsily said. She walks ever slowly as she hears it louder until realizing what's going on Before Blade could identify the Pokemon, she then fell down on her side and caught a brief glimpse of a Shiny Aurorus. "A... Lullaby." she said as she falls asleep. The Aurorus smiles as a Shiny Goodra walks next to her.
The Shiny Goodra was carrying Petal. "Aw~... They look so cute together when they're asleep~" She said. "Anyone would fall to your beautiful voice Nume. I'm no different." the Aurous said carrying Blade on her back. "Oh? Are you trying to imply you're not sensitive when I touch you~?" Nume asked teasingly, carrying Petal. "Of course I'm sensitive, but your song is so beautiful, I could just lay there listening to your voice all the time. Don't you find me cute sleeping in your lap?" Ice giggled, blushing. "You mean when you're rubbing your lap at mine~? We felt wet and cold between our legs~..." Ice growls cutely, "Keep that up and I might just forget the plan and have you moaning for me right here~." she said seductively.
Nume smiled at her. "Maybe we CAN have a moment of ecstasy right here and now~..." "Oh Nume, my little dragon." she teases her. "Ah Ice, my snowy dinosaur~" Nume replied, nuzzling Ice. Ice let blade on her side gently while Nume did the same for Petal. They then put the two sleeping Pokemon's arms and paws behind their backs and Ice makes a couple of icy cuffs to restrain them. Ice then move them around till their at each other's folds in a 69 position.
Then she noticed that Nume was staring at her with a smile. "Why are you smiling?" "Your pussy is so cute when it's wet~... Turned on already~?" The Shiny Goodra teased at the Shiny Aurorus. "Well, if you like a little romp, I don't mind getting you under me~." she winks at the Goodra. Nume then giggled and tackles her in a gooey hug. Ice grunted, surprised at the smaller dragon's strength. Nume nuzzled at the Shiny Aurorus who tried to push her off but her slime was slippery. "What are you doing?" she asked trying to push her, but it seems as her arms touch her, they slide off and as Nume lays on her, she rubs her goo around her body.
Soon, Ice was completely covered in slime. "Nume, what are you doing?" Ice ask again, her face and body completely covered in slime. "Getting ready before we mate with our friends~" Nume said, rubbing Ice's pussy with her slimy paws and licking her breasts "But you're on top of me, big creatures are usually top." she explained. "Well, even so, your body is so sensitive~..." Nume said, grinding her pussy against Ice's. "Murr." Ice let out from her mate grinding them together. "Aw~... You look so cute when you blush and moan~" Nume chimed as she kept on grinding her.
blushes as she enjoys the feeling. "All right, you can be top." "Thanks~" Nume said, cutely blushing. "Oh, by the way~..." She then got up and showed her member was erect and twitching. Ice blushes, "What is it?" "We're kinda hard now~" Nume giggled, pointing at Ice's own throbbing member. Ice looks to see how Ice and Petal are looking... They were grunting in their sleep and moaning at a sudden heat and wetness. "Seem's their still asleep right now." Ice told Nume. "Well, in that case~..." The Goodra agreed, lining their penises at their vaginas. "I guess we'll need to pleasure each other~." Ice finishes her with a smile. Nume nodded and plunged themselves in each other.
Both let out a soft moan as they get adjusted to each other. "Feels good, doesn't it~?" Nume teased as she squeezes her labia around Ice's member. The Aurorus winced in pleasure. "Ah~... Yeah, it does~... How long has it been since we mated~?" "We last mated two hours ago." "Wasn't THAT a pleasant memory~...?" Ice said with her face warm with red. The two moans as they thrust in each other's pussies. 'I forgotten how moist her insides are~...' Ice thought as she moans.'Augh~... Not to mention, how thick she is~...!' Nume thought as her vaginal muscles tighten in pleasure.'Also~... how nice her cold cock feels inside me.~' 'Aagh~...! She's likes my cool length~ Just wait 'til... Mngh~! She gets her frosty surprise filling her up~...!' Ice thought, remembering her cum is also cold.
As they mate, Blade and Petal start to groan as they are awakening. Blade sniffed a flowery scent but also felt a warm and wet, tingling sensation in her womb. "Aagh~...! Why... Am I feeling more good than usual...? Mmm... This refreshing scent~..." Petal murrs from the pleasurable feeling as she had a freshwater scent in the air. "Ahh~... such a nice watery scent, mmm..~ I feel warm all over~..." As Blade wondered why was her insides feeling a tingly warmth, she noticed a familiar green and pink wet slit with its clitoris erect. Petal's eyes open to a familiar blue and pink color in her eyes, then her mind clicked. "Blade?"
Blade then fully awoke and saw Petal's face from behind. They were in a 69 position and their arms restrained in a pair of icy shackles. "Blade, I can't get these shackles off, what about you?" Petal ask struggling. Blade struggled a bit but couldn't break free. "Mrrgh...! No go... Sorry, Petal..." Petal sighs as she said. "Well, uh... this is a bit awkward." she chuckles a bit. Blade did the same too, blushing a deep red in her cheeks. "Yeah, ehehehe... I'm not kinda used to having my face in front of your pussy while being tied up with you..." She said embarrassingly, unable to take her eyes off of the Meganium's slit above her.
Petal blushes as she looks at the samurotts slit. "Any ideas on what to do?" Blade doesn't have a clue what to do until she remembers how hot their bodies are feeling, making them sweat despite the cool-temperature area they're in. "I've an idea but it's a little... Embarrassing~..." She said shamefully and licked Petal's wet pussy. Petal blushes at the feeling, "What... What's the idea?" she ask, but feels like she might have the thought of what it could be. "I-If we make our bodies feel good and mainly warm, the heat from our skins should melt the ice... Mm~ A-And our sweat should dissolve it into water... So lick me as I am to you~" Blade then gives another slow lick at Petal's clit.
Petal's face goes pink from the description, but doesn't have any better idea. "Okay, lick me good then~." she then stated to lick Blade's clit slowly. The two lesbians moaned as they eat each other out, feeling hotter and sweatier. "Oh my~... This might be your best idea Blade~." she said sticking her tongue in her pussy. "Oh yeah~... I feel loose already~" She agreed, frenching her pussy. Petal tries to move a bit to see if she can get out. "Aah~... Still can't get out..." Petal muttered when she noticed Blade's labia glowing inside a bright purple. 'What the...? Why is Blade glowing on the inside...?' She thought. Blade was moaning a bit as she noticing Petal's starting to glow pink at her labia. 'Am I seeing her glow pink inside?'
It was a faint glow in each of them, they remembered they had picked up a jewel and stuffed it in themselves and wondered if each of them had kept it a secret. They decided to pursue that question later and move back to trying to get out of their ice cuffs, so Blade and Petal went back to licking. 'Mmm~... She tastes sweeter than before~... I can't stop eating her out~!' Blade thought as she thrust her tongue in and out and suckled Petal's vagina with her mouth. It was getting to Petal as it was getting hard for her to stay focus on the plan. 'Haah~... She tastes so good~... It makes me want to drink more of her juices~!' Petal thought as she's doing the same to Blade's pussy.
Petal places her tongue deep into Blade's pussy and started pumping it in and out. The two moaned louder and deeper, feeling tickled in their crotches, giggling a little. They felt warmer and wetter as they continues. They felt hotter and the ice starts to melt. "Blade, the ice is melting. We're almost done." Petal said happily. "Almost done, alright... We're gonna cum~..." "After we finish, we can go." Petal promises. Blade nodded and continued to lick. The two moan loud as they go even deeper than before. "Ooh~...! I can't hold on much longer~!" Petal said. Blade felt the same. "Me too~! They soon came hard, splashing their juices into their mouths.
The two catch their breaths as they relax, breathing in each other's scent. "Hah~... Hahaah~... T-The ice should be loose now-" Blade said when all of a sudden, an Ice Beam was shot at their arms, reinforcing the ice cuffs on their arms! "What the?!" Petal yelled. "What's going on?" Blade ask looking for the source. "Teehee~ Silly girls~... You think you could escape with such lewd tactics?" Ice said with Nume by her side. "I gotta say though, we really enjoyed the show~." Nume winks at the two. "Nume?" Blade asked, recognizing her as the one who sexed her. "Aw, you remember me Blade~. I'm happy to hear that." she blows her a kiss.
Blade blushed with a small smile. "Heh, you call that a kiss, Slimy~?" She teased, daring to kiss her for real. Nume smiles as she approached her and gave Blade a deep kiss in response. Petal, she and Blade recovering from their 69 position, decided to ask. "Um, yeah... Who are you both?" Nume finishes her kiss as she said, "Oh? Sorry for getting ahead. My name is Nume." the Goodra said. "And I'm Ice~" The Shiny Aurorus said, showing off a sexy pose.
Petal blushes at the scene, "My name is Petal. Are you two friends?" she ask them. Nume was too busy hugging Blade who laughed as she's being slathered all over with her slime so Ice decided to do the explaining. petal ask Ice the same question this time. "Me and Nume are mates silly, just like you and Blade are~." "E-Except you're hermaphrodites and we're not..." Petal said, staring at Ice's dick which re-hardened from her and Nume's sex after watching their 69. "Now that we're done introducing, can you get these cuffs off?" Petal ask trying to move. Oh? Why would we do that when you look cute being trapped~? You look more obedient when you're stuck~" Ice seductively said. "Weren't you guys taking us to your home?" Petal flushes pink as she pointed out.
Ice blushed as her thoughts were driven with lust. "Well, we've made this a surprise now~ Quite enjoyable when you think about it, right~?" Petal blushes as she recalls her previous session and the sight of Ice's cock. "Yeah it was." Ice smiles as she sees Nume coming to her. "So Numey, wanna get reacquainted with your sea lioness, or you wanna get to know the flower girl~?" Ice said teasing to two cuffed females. "Hmm, while I like the idea to feeling the water type's pussy again, I'd like to get to 'know' her flower girl, Petal~" Nume said, stroking her own cock. Ice smiles as she moves to she's in front of Blade's face. "I guess you and me are going to be getting to know each other~." Ice said licking Blade's neck.
Blade shuddered at Ice's cold, slick tongue and giggled at her body covered with Nume's slime. "Yeah, and it looks like you're all moistured up too, huh~?" "Nume's body is good for moisturizing by the way..." she pause before giving her a kiss herself. Blade blushed and kissed back, muffling inside her lips. "Mmm~..." Ice pulled back, "How you enjoy my kiss, Bladey~?" Blade licked her lips seductively. "That depends if you enjoy the taste of my girlfriend's nectar~" "It was sweet, but I wonder how you'll taste~..." she said as she moves out of her sight. Blade got confused. "Huh? Hey... Aren't you gonna eat ME out~?" The Samurott whined, wiggling her slit in front of her face. Ice answers her question as she licks the Samurott's pussy with her tongue. Blade let out a cute satisfied moan, feeling Ice's cool tongue sliding and flickering at her clit.
Meanwhile, Petal looks around for Nume. "CANNONBALL~!" To Petal's surprise, hearing a loud sound from Nume, the Shiny Goodra jumped and Body Slammed on the poor Meganium, splattering her transparent secreting goo around. Petal grunted from the slam, Blade too feeling the impact. "What was that for?" "I figured this would be a quick way to start smothering you with my goo before spreading it with my embrace~" Nume explained, nuzzling herself on Petal. Petal feels Nume's head over hers as she started rubbing her body back to her. "Should've said so~." Nume giggled and used the tip of her tail to tickle Petal's slit. Petal moans, "Cover me head to tail okay?" Nume squeezed Petal's breasts with her slimy paws. "Sure~!"
Petal moans in bliss as she relax to the Goodra's embrace. The swooning Meganium felt like she could just relax and closes her eyes to doze off a bit as she still feels her body getting touched and slathered. Soon, she felt every part of her body covered in Nume's goo. Nume got up a little on all fours and chimed, "All done~! ... Huh?" But Petal seemed to be fast asleep. The Goodra then put up a sneaky grin on her face. 'Well I could still have a little fun.' she thought to herself as she looks over the goo covered Meganium. Nume then used her antennae to tickle around Petal's body while she spreads her legs with her paws before licking her slit.
Petal moans as she sleeps, enjoying the feeling of her slit being tickled. Nume smiles at her and kisses her pussy lips noisily, sucking them hard to wake her up. Petal winced at the rough sucking. "Ngh... hmmhuh?" she ask through her moans as she slowly wakes up. "Hey there, cutie flower~! How was your sleep~?" Nume chimed, winking with her head near Petal's vagina. Petal blushes as she smiles, "It was pleasant, your fluids felt really good, I guess I feel asleep as you were applied it on me~." she said seductively. Nume blushed as she licked her clit back and forth, practically whipping the tiny pink bud with her tongue.
Petal shudders as she started to sprout some vines and wrap them around Nume's body. "Huh? What's this? Think two can play at this game?" Nume asked, feeling her vines slither around her body, ticklishly sliding lower and lower. "Well if you have a complaint, I'll stop. Though I don't think you will~." Petal said confidently. "You're right~... I won't. I feel like you're getting closer to my-" Nume was about to finish until the vines wrap around her member. "What's the matter, cat got your tongue~?" she said as she squeezes Nume's member, "Or should it be cat got you cock~?"
Nume cringed when she felt a similar tightness like when she fucked Blade. "Kyah~! Not so tight! Blade did it with her labia muscles when I mated with her!" She said as she felt the vines wrap a little tighter with their tips brushing against her cock's tip. She loosens her vines a bit as she strokes her cock with a gentle rubbing, "Better?" Nume couldn't say anything but moan in ecstasy as her length is stroked.
Back to Blade and Ice, they were grinding her pussies together. She was shivering from the cold feeling, "It feels cold." Ice chuckles seductively. "That's what makes it so nice, doesn't it~" She seductively said as she fondles with Blade's breasts. "Ooh~ Your boobs are so big and soft~...!" "Nume couldn't keep her paws off them couldn't you Nume~?" Blade ask them. Nume flushed at that memory. "Well, they were so soft like warm gigantic gooey marshmallows~!" The two herms smiles as they said, "I think foreplay is over don't you think~?" Nume ask Ice.
Ice nodded and agreed with her before lifting herself up and lining her penis at Blade's pussy. "Yes, are you ready for some grade-A fucking~?" She asked, staring lovingly at the Samurott's shining eyes. "Yes... I am." she smiles as Ice looks at Petal. "What about you Flower Girl~? Want some cold, steamy, erotic fun~?" Ice gives Petal a endearing look. "It's so humiliating~... I'd love for some vaginal muscle 'exercise'~" Petal joked, about to get plunged by Nume as she looked into her eyes as her own we're sparkling. "We'll let's begin the 'workout'~." Ice started to push into the duel type's pussy as Nume said. "Let's get messy~." Nume said starting to push into the grass type.
Blade and Petal moaned loudly as they've got the biggest cocks inserted in their labias. Blade shivered at Ice's cold penis around in her warm pussy and Petal shuddered at the slick, slimy dick of Nume, sliding in and out with ease~! "Ohhhhhhh..~" all four moan in unison from pleasure. "Haah~! This~... Feels~... Incredible~!" Blade squealed in extreme ecstasy. "Augh~! B-Best~... Experience~... In our lives~!" Petal also mewled in sheer pleasure. The herm's dicks were so long that they were able to touch the jewels inside Blade and Petal. "Huh?" They both said, feeling something hard in the way.
Blade and Petal realized what happened, and tried sucking in their jewels deeper, "What's a matter? Too tight?" Petal ask them. Nume looks skeptical. "No... It's too..." "Short or something?" Ice finishes Nume. "More like... Blocked, maybe?" Nume said, thrusting at what's stopping her member from reaching Petal's cervix. "I think you mistaken." Blade said trying to get the jewel in deeper. Ice wasn't convinced and pushed and then started pulling slowly, thinking it might get whatever's blocking her womb. "Come on, what are you hiding?"Blade moans in pleasure as she shivers as well. "N-no, n-nothing at a-all." Ice glared a little at Blade but smiled deviously. "Well, if you won't share, then I guess we'll have to make whatever you have inside cum out~" She then thrusts in and out fast and deep.
Nume started to do the same to Petal as well as she thrust faster and harder, who winces from the pleasure. 'Aah~! What do I do?! I can't let them have my gift for Petal...' Blade thought desperately as she felt close. 'Ugh~... They're really gonna make me cum my present for Blade out of me! What to do...?' Petal thought, unwillingly getting ready to climax. They winces as they move the the respective herms, "I have a gift for the other." they whispered so the other wouldn't hear it. "Hm? You don't say..." They whispered, intrigued as they leaned the sides of their heads to listen in on them. "I want to give it to her when we make love next time." they explained.
The herms melted that the lesbians have something precious to give to each other from their wombs and have an idea. "Maybe there's a way for you to give your beloved her gift and for us to fill you up~..." The two look relieve that they didn't spilled the beans to the other. They look at the other for what they mean They soon got themselves all in a rather complicated but flattering position. Nume picked up Petal as she moved her to the she's facing Blade, who is being carried by was lying on her back, holding Petal from behind and Nume was holding Blade from behind too, stacking the Samurott's belly on the Meganium's.
"Um, mhmhm~... Hi." Blade greeted Petal nervously, blushing. "H-Hi yourself." Petal greeted pack, "You look cute blushing~?" "So are you~... Uh, if it's not a bad time... I've something to give you..."Petal's face turns from a light pink to bright red. "A gift... for me?" she smiles. "I-I... I've one for you too~" She shyly said before feeling an ice-cold member entering her butt-hole. "R-Really? Ah~." she saiw with a moan as Ice started to push her icy member into Blade's soft rear, then climb over each other, pressing them close to each other. "Go on~" Nume encouraged. "Yeah, give them to each other~" Ice winked.
"It's a purple heart shaped Jewel I found while searching for Nume. It was pretty so I placed it inside me to put into you, it's my way of saying I love you, my beautiful flower~." Blade said trying to push the jewel heart forward moaning from it's movements and the thrusting from Ice. "I've a pink one for you too, my adorable sea otter lion~... I loved you since I first saw your smooth shaved body~... And when you saw my cute wet pussy~" Petal said, pushing her crystal out as her anal muscles are 'working out' with Nume's slick throbbing dick.
Blade's eyes were filled with tears of joy, "Oh Petal~." Petal was crying with joy herself. "Blade~" They then kiss in the lips and their pussies kiss together too. They couldn't help it and moaned in each other's mouth as they cum hard, their jewels shooting into each other. Just as the crystal hearts pass into each other, they glowed a bright light! All four of them gasp and close their eyes, "What's going on?" Nume ask. "I... Don't know!" Ice replied. Blade and Petal shudder as she feels their jewels moving further in them in their own as they felt warm as well. "We're... We're... WE'RE CUMMING~!" They screamed, their vaginas making a bigger than usual splash of cum at their each other's thighs.
The herms shuddered as they started to cum as well for some reason, spilling their cum in the rear. They all panted but Blade and Petal still spelled their cum like broken faucets. Blade and Petal started to feel ichy from their pussies as well, the ice cuffs melted enough for them to break and touch them. "Aghh~... P-Petal...?" Blade stuttered, rubbing her wet and overflowing slit. "Blade?... Ohh~..." Petal moaned out, digging her fingers in her cunny. "M-My pussy feels strange... It's like I can't... Stop... AAAHHH~!" Blade tried to say until she yelped, cumming twice! "OOOHhh!" Petal moans out as she cums as well.
Nume and Ice looked at them worriedly as Blade and Petal are twitching and shifting their bodies uncomfortably. "Hey, is something wrong? Are you two alright?" They asked. "Yeah, just our pussies each." they explained. They covered their slits, grunting as their cum keeps squirting out. "Is they're anything we can do?" Ice ask them. "M-Maybe... If we could f-finish off where where we both each... S-Started?" Blade suggested, covering her slit which was still feeling itchy.
Ice nodded and turns to Nume. "The sea lion or flower girl?" "Flower girl~ I wanna finish her." Nume said before leaning at Petal comfortingly. "Shh... It's okay, we'll make you feel better~" She assured her. Petal smiles but moans from the itchiness she feels. Ice moves to Blade. "We'll take care of you." Ice licks Blade's neck. "P-Please~..." Blade pleaded, achingly spreading her legs wide open and letting go of her vagina, showing it to be wetter and slightly more engorged than usual. "This should help cool you down~." Ice smiles as she lines up and enter's Blade's pussy.
But just as the tip of her member touches her pussy, she came all of a sudden! "What the-? But I was just about to enter. How can you climax so fast by one touch?" Ice asked with Blade showing an apologetic look. "I don't know, my body just feels super sensitive all of the sudden." Blade explains, looking down. Ice puts a paw on Blade's cheek and nuzzles her nose with hers. "Guess we'll have to be extra gentle and slow with you then~..." She said before giving her lips a sweet kiss. "Mmm~...!" Blade moaned and came softly. Ice noticed this and felt embarrassed. "Oops..."
Ice started to sink into her deeper, causing Blade to shiver from the coldness of it. Ice turns to Nume and Petal to see how they'll doing. "Urrk... G-Gently now..." Petal shuddered, feeling about to let loose even though Nume was nowhere near halfway inside her. "It's alright~... Just keep holding on to it~..." The Goodra said, going very slowly and gently as the Meganium tries her best to hold her sudden cumming with a couple to few squirts coming p out from the sides."It's so h-hard, trying not to c-cum." Petal uses her vines to hold her close in a effort to keep herself from cumming.
Nume uses the same with her antennae to gently rub Petal's sides in an attempt to calm her down to no avail. "I'm about to cum." Petal moans out her state. "Sheesh... It seems each inch no matter how short makes both of you feel close one after another!" Nume notified. "Calm down, we're almost to your cervixes!" Ice said to Blade as she slowly slides in inch-by-inch. "I'll try to hold on." They said to them as they tried to calm down their bodies, feeling a little more control over themselves. As the girls try to suck it in, tightening their labias a bit, the herms had finally got to their cervixes. "You two are doing good so far~." the herm said encouraging them. But as they pull back so they can thrust in, the girls came again.
The herms saddened a bit, but then they recall the glowing moment the lesbians had. "Hey wait a minute... Do you think those crystals you had stored in your wombs may have some sort of power?" Blade shudders, "I don't know, mine was in shape of a heart and glowed purple." "Mine too, except it glowed pink!" Petal shuddered as well. "Crystal hearts that glowed, I feel like I heard about it before." Nume said trying to remember it. "Me too... I don't know why but... I think something like this happened to us sometime ago before we evolved and met." Ice said, having a tough time to remember it as well.
The moaning from the two females took their attention away from their thoughts as they decide to remember it later. "Well, let's try this one more time. Just hold your orgasms in even if it hurts until we're about to spray our semen inside you, okay~?" Ice explained. Blade shivers, but said. "I'll try, but I can't guarantee I can succeed." "Me too~ But can we cum first before you do so...?" Petal asked, shivering too. Nume and Ice look at each other before saying, "When we say we're about to cum, you can cum then~." Blade and Petal nodded then and got ready for the inevitable.
They both hold onto each other in a effort to endure the need to climax. "Nggh~! Petal...!" Blade moaned as she struggles to endure another premature climax while being fucked by Ice and her cold penis. "T-try to hold on." Petal tells her as she holds on as well. Nume does her best to encourage her new friend while banging her until she feels the need to shoot her seed inside. "Keep it up, girls~... We're halfway feeling good ourselves~!" Petal nods her head as she holds her tightly.
Ice soon notices Blade moaning louder than ever and feels stumped. 'Dammit, she might not be able to hold on much longer... Unless...' Then she had an idea, to Blade's surprise, Ice flipped them over so the Samurott was on top and the Aurorus was lying on her back. "Wh-What are you doing?" she ask being taken completely by surprised. "Making it easier for us~! You to hold your climax and me to feel the need to do so~" Ice winked and Blade and then Nume who gets it and does the same with Petal.
Petal shudders from feeling Nume's gooey body under her. "Well I suppose it's nice, I do feel a bit better." "Yeah, me too..." Blade agreed, holding on to Ice tighter. "Go for it, Ice~ I'm may feel like cumming but I'll do my best~..." Soon enough, they start to feel close thrusting inside them. Nume and Ice moan in pleasure from the feeling. "Aauugghh~! I've been holding on for so long~!" Petal winced, wanting to cum now. "Yeah, it feels like the need to pee~! Haaah~!" Blade felt the same way. Nevertheless, the girls try and hold on. Nume smiles and spoke to them. "I'm getting close, so it's okay now." Ice looks at Blade. "Me too."
"Oh, thank Arceus~!" The girls chimed. "Okay now, on the count of three..." Ice explained. "We'll all cum together, understand?" Nume finished. The girls nod their heads eagerly in response. "Yes sure whatever, just get to it." "Alrighty~... Ahh~! One... Mmm~! Two... Ohh~! Three~!" The herms said, about to burst. "AAAAHHHH!" Their cries echoed through the night sky. They all came simultaneously with Blade and Petal feeling relieved that they can release themselves hard and Ice and Nume enjoying the feeling of spraying inside with their seeds. "How you two feel now?" the herms ask. "Mmm~... Ice, your cum was so cold~" Blade murred. "Aah~... Your cum felt so thick, Nume~" Petal murred as well.
The two girls feel relaxed until moments later, their pussies start to itch again! Although, it wasn't as terrible as it was before thankfully. And yet, it was rather tiring. "Aah... Why? We usually feel good when we're lustful but this is too sudden~!" Blade said, rubbing her vagina with both paws again. The herms saw this again, "Do you need anything else?" Nume ask the two. I think we should end it here. "Get us... B-Back home~!" They said.
Ice looks at Nume who nods her head, so each of them picked one up and placed them on her back. "Mind if we stay?" The herms ask them. "Huh?" Blade ask them, didn't hear them. "Can we move in with you?" Petal starts to blush as she stutters, "W-wait, you mean a-as..." "You know~..." They said, fingering their slits, making them cum hard again. "Mind having us as mates? That's our questions." Nume said. Blade looked at Petal for her advice. Petal didn't have time but gave a quick nod. Blade then turned to them. "Yeah, I'm sure Dyna and Eco could use some more of their kind~...!"
"More the merrier~..." petal murmurs out. Ice and Nume squeals in joy in the answer. "Oh, and girls?" They ask, hugging each other tight. "What is it?" Ice and Nume ask them. "Aaaaahhhhh~!" The let a long moan and came for more than several seconds. Their crotches twitch to let out some droplets of cum before they sighed in relief. "Please, hurry and take us home...!" "Sure." They said as the herms started to walk faster in their pointed direction.


F Lugia X F Serperior X F Meloetta

F Lugia X F Serperior X F Meloetta
3 Females decided to explore each other's bodies externally and internally.

* * *

The following chapter contains unbirth and oral vore. If these disturbs you, don't read onward. I'm able to do other kinds of vore, but regarding rule 5, no digestion will be shown consented or not.
Unbirth is when someone enters another's pussy and womb. If the requester wants, I will allow the pokemon to be reborn as the first evolution of the pokemon who unbirthed them, but the requester must say so.

* * *

The sun was shining over the sky over a beautiful field of flower. A female Meloetta was walking through the fields, smiling at the scene. "Such a beautiful scene." She keeps walking until she's at the center of the flowers. "Things like this, I can't help but start to sing." she then started to dance around, singing a pleasant tune loudly. Meloetta smiles as she moves between hi and low notes, collecting flowers as she moved downward. During her song, she places her left hand onto her pussy and started rubbing it. Her song had some long moans that still sound like part of the song and as she dance, she rubs her breast and fondle her pussy as she moves. Her beautiful song continues for a while until she falls on her back, a bouquet of flowers in her hand and another on her pussy as she smell the lovely fragrance and fingers herself.
She lay down for a moment to enjoy the feeling, then she went back up. She smelled them deeply, then felt something behind her. She turns to see nothing. "Must be my imagination." she said, but as she turned around, she felt something pressed their lips on her own. Meloetta looks surprised at first, but went along with the kiss as something coils around her body. The singing pokemon look downward to see long, green, serpentine skin. When she realizes what it was, she felt the Serperior's slip her tongue in her mouth, exploring the insides. Soon the grass snake pulls back. "Serperior what are you doing?" The grass type hears this and smiles. "I heard your song as I was passing by, so I look and saw your beautiful song and dance. I couldn't help myself." Serperior said having the Meloetta in her coils squeezing gently. Meloetta moans a bit from the squeeze as she looks down and blush as the snake's d cup breast touched her c cups. "Like them~?" Serperior teases. "Yep." Meloetta smiles.
The grass type smiles as she look at the Meloetta's breast. Smiling, she started to take some licks on them. Meloetta blushes from the feeling as she moans a cute sound in response. "So cute when you moan." she said as she notice the nipples getting hard. She then pushes her breast to the Serperior's, mashing them and squeezing them together. "Ahh, so big they are." they both said to the other, getting a giggle from the two. As she continues licking her breast over, a voice spoke out. "Got a room for one more?" a female voice spoke overhead. The two look up to see a Lugia flying downward to them, they blush deep red at the sight of the large breast the legendary has. The females shudder a bit from the sight of the large pokemon. "Do not be afraid, I'm not going to hurt you."
The Serperior smiles at the answer, "Then why are you here?" Meloetta ask the Lugia. The Lugia chucked as she shrunk herself to their size. "Well I heard the song as I was flying, so I searched for the source, then I saw you two's 'passionate' moment~." The Lugia said walking to them. The two blushed as Lugia went closer. "So uh... room for one more~?" she ask as she opens her wings, exposing her breast to the two. Meloetta and Serperior stared in awe at the enormous size of her tits!
Lugia smiles as they look onward. "What, these? I don't think they're that good~..." she looked away, pretending to mean it. "Please, don't turn away! You have such a wonderful bust!" Meloetta said. Lugia smiles at the words. "Aw thank you dancer girl~. I know they're very nice." "But is their milk sweet~?" Serperior asked seductively, licking her lips as she stares at her nipples. Meloetta looks closely to find that the Lugia's teats are actually leaking milk. She licked her lips and puts her lips on one of them, kissing it. She feels the milk filling her mouth, she swallows it down as the Serperior watches. "So how does it taste?" the grass type ask.
Meloetta smiled at Serperior with a drop still on her mouth. "Come over here and taste it yourself~" She then sucks Lugia's breast, waiting for the large snake to come over. Serperior chuckles as she moves towards it and takes a long lick on her breast. Lugia blushed and giggled. "Teehee, that tickles~..." She tries to cover her chest but they moved her wings away. "Hey, you were more or less asking for us to suckle you when you opened your lactating breast~." Meloetta teases her with a innocent look. "Then suck away~!" Lugia said. The two smile as they started to go back to sucking the Lugia's milk.
Lugia moaned, loving the feeling of being sucked up from her titties. She wraps her wings around the twos bodies, warming their bodies up. This made it more comfortable for them to drink her milk. After a little while, they move back from her breast, finish drinking their fill. They smile as they let out a burp to the Lugia. "Aw~... Do mommy's little babies want more~?" She teased, wanting to get breastfed some more. "I don't know if I can drink anymore..." Meloetta smiles, blushing from the sight of the large breast. "But it looks so beautiful~... So warm~..." Meloetta sighed in comfort as she hugged and nuzzled the breast she drank from.
She felt the warmth surrounding the skin and felt the liquid sloshing inside them. "Well, maybe we could use a bit of... Dairy moisture~?" Serperior seductively asked, pointing at the nipple and cryptically asking for some milk to splatter them. Lugia smiles as she started to press her breast together, "I can help you with that~." she moans as she feels them pressed. Soon, the pressure squirts and sprays her warm milk at the two Pokemon. The two of them shudders from the warm milk spraying and dripping over their bodies.
Meloetta sighs and opens her pussy a bit, trying to get some milk inside her. "Well, we should continue our little fun shouldn't we girls~?" she ask the two. They nodded and started making out in a three-way kissing. They move their tongues till all three of them were touching each other. They then licked each other's tongues, wrestling and whipping together. Lugia can taste her own milk on their tongues as they make out passionately with each other. After their make out session, they decided to show off their taints at each other. Meloetta looks at the Serperior's pink folds and uses her hands to rub it.
Serperior moans at the touch and uses her tail on Lugia's. "You know seeing your body serperior, I have a particular fetish I want to try." "Oh? What kind of fetish~?" Meloetta blushes as she opens her mouth and said, "I kinda want to know how a baby feels surrounded by a mother's warmth~." she tells them roundabout way. Serperior blushed at the thought of having someone literally inside her. "A-Are you sure?" Meloetta noticed Serperior's pussy winking when she ask that, "Looks to me that you're interested~." she winks at the grass type.
"O-Okay... But can we all three have an orgasmic session first?" "I don't have a problem with that." Lugia said, taking out a herb and eating it. "What's that you're eating?" Meloetta ask while mastubating herself. "Oh it's for a surprise later on~." Lugia teases him, knowing that she'll need it once Serperior gets the feeling afterwards. They then all have a three-way tribadism. The Serperior was coiled around Meloetta with their pussies touching while Lugia lays over them rubbing her own on them. They moaned out loud as their cunnies grind together. "Ahh it feels so good." the singing pokemon stated, shuddering from the feeling.
She then started singing as she moans. The two smiles as they hear her sing her tune. "Wow~... Her voice is so beautiful as her body~..." Lugia chimed "Hmm, I can listen to it all day~..." Serperior whispers seductively in Meloetta's ear. Then Serperior and Lugia decided to grind faster. Serperior moans as she notices Lugia's breast over them. They decided to suck once more "Mmmm~." Meloetta and Serperior moan out as they drink more of the legendarie's milk. Lugia smiles and fingers the two as they suckle her milk.
They moan in pleasure as they start to suckle harder. Aah~! This feels very good~!' Meloetta said through her telepathy. 'I agree, I love it when I breastfeed others~.' Lugia answers her. 'Well your milk is delicious~.' Serperior said as they link their minds together. Lugia then moans as she is about to cum. The two feels close too as they rub the pussies together faster and suck her milk harder. They all soon had enough and the two let go of Lugia's nipples, moaning loud as she is. They all came and got drenched in a mix of cum and milk. "Hahh~...Hahh~...So~...Warm~..." Meloetta moans out in pleasure.
"Yes~... *Pant pant...* Are you ready for our moment~?" Serperior opened her vagina wide, getting her vines out. Meloetta moves towards her, "I'm ready for you... Mama~." she said hugging her and giving her a kiss. "Get inside then~ Careful now, it's tighter than a sleeping bag~..." The big snake said. Meloetta nods and places her feet at her entrance. She begins to push them gently at her folds. Serperior and Meloetta did their best to fit in with the I birthing sequence and Lugia helped them out. Soon her feet entered the vagina and soon her legs started to enter after her.
She carefully slides herself in. As she feels warm inside, she noticed how easy it is slipping through due to being covered in cum and milk. When she reaches to her waist, Meloetta looks up to see how the Serperior is taking this. Serperior was feeling paralyzed with pleasure of unbirthing Meloetta. "Serperior, how does this feel so far?" Meloetta said wiggling around in her pussy. "Mmm~! You're squirming around inside me~!" She said, squealing and wincing in ecstasy. Meloetta smiles at the feeling, "Well you feel so warm surrounding my lower body by the way." she winks at her. She then continues to slide inside until she inserts her hands together.
Meloetta then started to rub her own pussy, moaning as she continues to slide into Serperior's pussy. She wiggled some but then got a little stuck when she was at shoulder level."Something wrong?" Serperior ask. "Eheheh~... I guess I'm kinda... Stuck." She chimed nervously, sweat-dropping. "Okay, I'll help you get in deeper~." she starts to push her in gently. Serperior even makes her labia suck her inside. With her help, Meloetta was able to get her shoulders in, leaving her head just outside. "You know~... You probably shouldn't creep anyone out when your face shows in my vagina~" Serperior joked but also suggested. "Teehee, I'll try, but I can't promise you that~." Meloetta tells her giving her a cute wink.
Meloetta then gives Serperior's clit one more kiss and licks it. Making the grass snake shudder from pleasure. "Lugia, if you please~?" Meloetta ask with a pleading look. Lugia nodded and placed her hand on Meloetta's head, patting her a bit before gently pushing her inside completely. Serperior moans as she pants a bit. She actually unbirthed Meloetta completely. 'Ooh~... It's so tight, warm and wet in here~, I love it~!' Meloetta used telepathy as she bulged around inside of her. Serperior blushes at the words she said to her, but also gasp as she felt movement moving upwards in her body.
"Haah~! More~! Keep squirming~ Go deeper~!" Serperior squealed, inserting her vines inside her pussy to push Meloetta in deeper. Meloetta nods as she tries to squirm in deeper, feeling vines push her as well, helping her glide deeper inside. Lugia helped too by putting her hands as guides on the bulge. Soon, Meloetta felt her head popped into some space up ahead. And then her feet felt Serperior's cervix. Meloetta was curled up into a fetal position as she felt warmth all around her, the Serperior's heartbeat in her ears. She soon entered her womb completely befor closing her eyes to rest.
Serperior smiles warmly as she rubs her bulge gently with her head and vines. "Simply asking, when do you both think she would want to come out of you?" Lugia asked. "She never said, I guess she would probably start wiggling when she's ready." Serperior said shrugging her shoulders. "Well then~... Wanna come in somewhere like your womb~?" Lugia offered, licking her lips. She blushes for a bit from the question. Her thoughts split in two parts.
One part of her was nervous about it and it felt a little weird about unbirthing a pokemon, even if it was willing, while the other was estatic about the discription of the warmth and moist area and want to experienced it as well. Serperior felt complicated about what the Lugia is offering. Before she could think this through, Serperior was grabbed in Lugia's wings. "Whoa!" she gasp out, then blush at the soft feeling of her wings. "W-What are you doing now!?" "Like I asked, you wanna come in somewhere like the womb~?" she ask, licking her body with her tongue.
Serperior was wide-eyed when she figured it out! "Y-You don't mean...!" The Lugia nods her head, "Yes , my belly." she said to her with a smile. Serperior was shocked silent and tried to think this through some more. "Don't worry, you won't be harmed." Lugia assures her. She then opens her mouth wide! "B-but won't I get... you know..." she ask looking scared, but also excited as well as she sees the pink muscles surrounding her mouth, saliva dripping a bit. Lugia shakes her head, knowing what she meant.
Serperior was confused, but then remembered about the herbs Lugia ate. "Wait... The herbs and your surprise... Were they-?" "They're anti-acid herbs. Meant to prevent digestion for 24 hours, unless I take another herb to cancel the effect. I would never want to hurt cute creatures." she said to her. "Then how long do you have to consume them daily?" Serperior asked, feeling half-relieved at her explanation of the herbs she ate. "Once a day if I want to take in pokemon." she answers honsestly. "H-How long will I have to be i-inside of your stomach...?" "As long as you want to, but I need to let out out in 24 hours of course." she said to the Serperior.
Serperior feels relieved and accepts Lugia's proposal. "Okay, have me inside your belly~... I guess..." She sighed. "Don't worry~, those I swallow say that they enjoyed sliding down and curled up in my stomach~." she teases her as she licks the serperior's tail. Serperior giggles and allows herself to be sucked in. Lugia takes her body slowly as she starts to reach her lower body. "Aaah~... This feels so nice~" Serperior moaned at the warm, wet feeling. Lugia swallows Serperior more until her tongue is at her pussy.
Serperior gasped and turns crimson as her tongue flickers at her pussy. "Kyah~! That tickles~..." Lugia slips her tongue inside her pussy and slide it around. As Lugia's tongue thrusts in Serperior back and forth like a Pokemon cock, making her way her tail. "Shh so good~." she moans out as she relaxed and enjoyed it. Serperior soon feels close. After a few more licks, Serperior moans loudly as she climax hard. Serperior felt dreamy in a fantasy before blacking out, fainting from her ecstasy. "Aw she fainted." she noted holding half of her body with her wings.
Lugia then starts sucking the rest of Serperior like spaghetti. She pass the stomach area where the bulge was. "Don't worry, I won't let anything happen to you or your 'baby'~..." She promised. She keeps going to only her head is left in Lugia's mouth. She smile before sucking in her head as well. Serperior moans softly from the warmth as her body travels down Lugia's throat. Lugia finishes swallowing them. Serperiore groans as she curls up in the Lugia's stomach. "Wow, it feels warm inside~... A little tight and I don't feel digesting yet..."
She also was able to breath because lugia make sure to keep a constant breath moving in her. She felt rubbing on one of her sides, which she figures out it's Lugia rubbing her stomach gently to comfort her. "Don't worry, love. I won't let you melt away~..." She said soothingly. Serperior blushes at the feeling of her rubbing. She starts to feel tired from the warm feeling and the rubbing. "I hope you don't mind, but I'll be sleeping in your stomach Lugia." she tells her as she gets comfortable and closes her eyes. Lugia giggled. "Yeah, I'll let you out of me when your 'daughter' wants to come out~" Lugia smiles as she lay to her side carefully, then she places a wing on her belly as she starts to go to sleep.
(Next morning.)
Lugia wakes up, stretching her wings and pats her belly. She giggles from the feeling she has inside of her, enjoying the company of the two. Inside Serperior's womb, a psychic voice can be heard. 'Teehee~ I hope we'll both be safe and sound until I can come out~' 'When do you want to come out?' Serperior ask her, relaxing in the moist stomach. 'Hmm..' Meloetta thought as the womb walls hug her. 'Maybe we could come out to talk to each other better~.' she thought as she started to push the Serperior's walls. The walls were rather tight. But it was enough for Serperior to tell her what she wants right now. "Wanna come out now~?" Serperior asked as she felt the bulge inside her wiggle. The bulge continues to wiggle inside her, implying that she does. "Mhmhm~ Alright then, I'll have Lugia let us out now~..."
Serperior started to move around in Lugia's stomach and push the walls. "Oh, that was fast~" She giggles at the movements, but nods as she starts to bring the grass type back up her throat again. She then opened her mouth wide and let her slide out, trying her best not to cough. Serperior helped with her exit by moving around. Soon Serperior was outside unharmed, save for saliva dripping all over her body. Serperior panted deeply as she breathed for fresh air. She then lay on her back, her pussy exposed as she started to push intensely. The bulge on her stomach moved to her vaginal area. "Go on Serperior, you can do it~." Lugia said encouragingly as she helps by licking Serperior's pussy lips.
She moaned at the licking and continued to push Meloetta out. Soon the head started to appear from the pussy lips. Meloetta noticed a tongue in the way. Lugia moves away as she smiles. 'No no~, keep licking~ I want to give you a kiss for taking care of my 'mommy'~' She said. She takes this as she started to lick her more for her request. Meloetta keeps squirming forward until her face reaches Serperior's exit. Lugia smiles as she helps licking more until her face was completely out of her pussy. Lugia then kisses Meloetta is the lips. Meloetta moans in bliss as her body is pushed out of serperior. Her head soon pops out and has to pull her hands out as well.
With all three help, Meloetta was fully outside, dripping from Serperior's pussy juices covering her. "Congratulations Serperior, it's a beautiful girl~." Lugia cheered. Meloetta then swung her head for her cum drenched hair to swish beautifully. "So Meloetta, how did you feel experiencing the feeling of baby staying in her mama's womb~?" "It was warm, tight..." Meloetta explained wiping herself. "And damp~..." As she said that last part, Meloetta squeezed her hair to get the excess cum off of her.
The three giggles as Lugia turns to Serperior, "And did you like your experience Serperior?" "Well, it was almost the same as Meloetta's except..." "Except what?" she ask her. "Eheheh... Except it had acid and chewed up food inside..." "I had no such thing, I made sure I was empty before doing this." Lugia said defensively. "Yeah I know. I was hoping to get a response from you and I did~!" Serperior said smirking. They all laughed and decided to take a long shower. As they stand in the waterfall, Lugia ask, "So what will you two be doing now?" Serperior and Meloetta looks at each other as they think about the question. "If you don't have anything to do, will you two stay with me?" she ask them.
They smiled and hugged and kissed together. "I'm happy to hear that. So what you want to do now?" Lugia ask them. "How about we all have a swim naked~!?" Meloetta suggested, taking off her black dress and jumping in the water. "Wait for me~." the others said as they went in after Meloetta, Lugia last as she ate another anti acid herb. They all splashed each other while getting the sexual drop on each other, masturbating and molesting each other, laughing and cumming all the way.
After a little while, all three move onto the land smiling happily. Lugia noticed Meloetta and Serperior moving close to each other. They were in each other's arms cuddling as they were about to sleep, but then some wind blew in their direction, causing them to shiver. "Whew it's getting chilly." Meloetta explained. "Yeah, I wish we had someplace to stay." Serperior stated shivering as well. "Well I have a home not too far from here, but I have to fly there though." "Not particularly fond of the thought of riding on you back though." Meloetta said, Serperior shakes her head as well.
Lugia thought about any other ideas until she remembered their actions from earlier. "Well I can carry you two inside me and take you to my home, then I can let you out." she offered. The two blushed as they heard that. "You know, that's a good idea." They said. "I took a herb earlier for occasions like this." Lugia said assuring them. "Okay, but if you don't mind, I'll be riding within 'mommy'. Meloetta said looking at the grass type. She blushes, and move so her pussy was accessible for her. "Well my 'daughter', come inside~." Serperior said to her.
Meloetta smiles and move her hands so they push inside the snakes pussy. Serperior moans as the action gives her pleasure. Meloetta then places her head to the lips and pushes forward, getting enveloped by the snakes folds. Serperior moans out in pleasure as her muscles drag Meloetta foreward, then felt warmth on top of her head. She looks up as the Lugia's mouth takes in her head. The legendary moans from the familiar taste as she starts to suckle on her head, Serperior shudders from the tongue licking around her head as the Lugia starts to swallow her body as she takes in Meloetta's body inside her pussy.
Lugia reaches to Serperior's bottom half as she sees Meloetta's legs and feet outside. She takes her fins and pushes the pokemon gently into Serperior's body. Soon, her legs and feet disappears into the Serperior's pussy. With that, Lugia lifts Serperior up and resumes swallowing. She takes in her lower body and pauses leaving her tail outside her mouth. Lugia gives her some teasing suckles on the tail, getting movements from the Serperior inside. Lugia smiles before taking that in and taking a big gulp. The bulges slide down until they both settle inside her stomach. She rubs her bulging belly softly. "Enjoy the ride you two~." she smiles as she carefully takes off and flies to her home with her companions.

* * *

Hope you enjoyed. I'll let you know if any chapters will contain vore or not.


Ivy(F Serperior) X Marie(F Snivy)

Ivy(F Serperior) X Marie(F Snivy)
A Mother and daughter have a very good time along with some females. Contains some unbirth.

* * *

There was a familiar female Serperior holding a young Snivy daughter with purple eyes. The two were smiling as they came here to enjoy the warmth and relaxation of the hot springs. Ivy decided to not have a towel to cover her privates and show off her sexy serpentine body. Marie noticed this in shock and awe so she decided to do the same. Ivy was in the bath "Um... Marie, why are you getting naked?" she ask."Hmph~! Towels are for shy girls, Mama and like you, I'm not one of them~" She said, posing but also feels embarrassed.
Ivy couldn't help but giggle at the Snivy's cute pose. "Okay, but maybe get in the water? You're attracting a crowd~." "But this is the female wing, there aren't any boys like dad around here!" Marie protested. "So you want to have females eying around your body?" Ivy ask looking behind her. Marie covers herself, glaring at her mom. "I just wanna show off my body~! What about you?!" Ivy giggles as she relaxed in the spring. "I needed a bath, this is a hot spring after all~." Marie sighed as she placed her hands on the back of her head and spread her legs wide.
The two relaxed in the hot spring as Ivy took a peak at Marie's breast. 'Oooh~ She looks as big as I was when I was a Snivy~...' She thought, remembering herself showing off her bust once. As she thought this, she heard footsteps coming their way. They saw silhouettes of naked and busty female Pokemon. Ivy and Marie hugged each other and kept staring at the moving silhouettes. One who came by was a tall female Florges who saw them and smiled. "Well, aren't you two cute~" She winked at them.
Marie sinks to her mother as the fairy and grass type enters the water. "Wow, a mommy and daughter quality time~? That makes it adorably interesting~" A Mawile chimed, sitting next to Marie. "Such a beautiful love between family~." A Lopunny ask, sitting next to Ivy. "U-Um... No, i-it's not like that...!" Ivy tried to explain, holding Marie close to her. "We were just commenting on how you two are so close~." A voice sounded and Ivy and Marie turned to see a Greninja on Marie's side. Marie smirked and let's go of her mother before standing straight with her hands on her waist. "Well yeah, because we're big girls with proud bodies~!" She boldly stated with a valiant smirk, though blushing.
Mawile advances towards Marie. "Heehee, pretty bold for a little girl~." The fairy steel type commented as she advances. Marie flushed, closing her eyes but kept her valiant smile, giggling boldly. "Yeah~? Well, I can take anything you 'hot' for me~" "Oh really?" Mawile ask as she presses her breast with the grass types. "Huh?" Marie noticed her breasts being mashed by another pair. "H-Hey, you're kinda... Big~" She commented nervously at Mawile. "Really~? Aw, thank you~." she stated with a cute tone as she rubs them back and forth with hers. "Ehehehe~..." Marie giggled nervously and turns to her mother, Ivy. "Momma, a little advice on how I can handle this... Eep~ Please?" She whispered as her nipples are getting docked.
Ivy smiles as she got up a bit, "Well, I say that you grind back to her breast for a start~." she answers, unaware of a certain normal type behind her. "Eeyeah~... Sure..." She said, gulping a bit as she thought. 'Oh, jeez~! These breasts are tickling mine... I wish daddy was here...' Marie started to press her breast back at the Mawile, intending to give her a bit of the pleasure. Marie murred as she places her hands on her own breasts. The Snivy pushes back,"How this so far~?" she teases.
Mawile giggles and presses her breasts against Marie's "Not bad~ But I think I'll get the upper breast~!" They then push each other chest-to-chest, one firmly trying to get the other to fall but both are an equal match. 'Okay, time for a sneak attack~!'Marie moved her hands down Mawile's lower body and tickled her slit. Mawile giggled but stayed still, much to the Snivy's surprise. 'Seriously?' she thought as she tries to keep her stance. "You don't know about me, little girl~, do you~!?" Mawile asked as she advances, pressing against Marie with the upper hand. She needs to do something fast. Thinking of something fast, she grips the Mawile's face and gives her a deep kiss.
Mawile anticipated this and lashes her tongue in Snivy's mouth, choking her a bit. 'She done this before too. I need to try something new fast!' she thought as they make out. But before Marie could think of anything, Mawile was too much and she was pushed and fell in the water. Ivy giggled at her daughter's little stunt. Marie shakes her head as she got back up, her skin drenched.
Ivy giggled at her daughter who glared at her. "How cute from both of you~ You were about to get molested by your new friend~" The Serperior teased, letting out her vines to tickle the Snivy's chin. "Said the one who's letting a Lopunny sneak up behind her back." "Oh, her~?" Ivy said before allowing herself to have her breasts groped from behind. "Oooh~! I'm just showing you a partial example~..." She said before tying her hands up with her vines. Marie yelped at her mother's vines wrapping her hands up. "What are you doing?" "Holding you still for your new girlfriend~" Ivy winked as Mawile got from behind.
"Huh?" she ask before feeling hands on her breast as Mawile move her head to Marie's shoulders. "Ohh~. You like feeling my breast~?" Mawile grinned. "Yeah, they're so soft and you're so cute~... I oughta take a picture with you~!" She then took a smartphone out and activated the face camera app! Marie was shocked. "H-Huh?! Since when did you bring something like that along!?" "I bring it everywhere~. And don't worry, it's 100% waterproof." She places the camera in front of them. "Look cute now~." "Kyah!" Marie yelped, having her naked body taken a picture as she tried to block the flash.
Mawile then look at the portrait, but frown, "Aww, look at it." she showed Marie the photo. "Eep, you're not gonna post that in your account, are you~...?" Marie nervously asked Mawile from behind. "Why not? I'm sure I can get millions of likes on this~." she said licking Marie's shivered at the rough but moist feeling. Then Mawile had a devious idea and dipped her smartphone in the then clicks the button and the flash went under water. Mawile looks at the photo. "Hmm, I like it but I don't know~... Hey Marie..." she shows her the recent photo. "Does this look good to you~?" "Wha... WWHHAATT?!" The Snivy froze at the picture.
Her face was bright red at the sight of her pussy lips open at the camera. Marie placed her hands on her face, humiliated. Ivy who was still being breast-fondled by Lopunny, however, smiled at the picture. "Aw~! My daughter's pussy looks like a beautiful rose~" She chimed, giggling with her paws on her mouth. "I agree~. You oughta keep that." Lopunny stated, kissing Ivy's neck. "N-No~..." Marie muttered, not wanting to look. "Come now, no need to be shy~." Mawile said nuzzling Marie's neck. The Snivy just winced until Ivy came to her. "M-mom." she got out.
Ivy had let go of her vines on Marie and rubs the Snivy's head. "If it'll make you feel more comfortable, Mommy will naughtily with you in the camera~"Marie blushes, but she couldn't help but smile at being near her mother. Ivy then has the Lopunny let go of her so the two (Ivy and Marie) nodded at Mawile to record them washing themselves. Marie started to wash her mother's shoulders as Ivy wash Marie's stomach. They then decided to wash each other's breasts. Marie stares at her mother's breast as she washes them softly. 'My mom is so~... Big~! So soft~... So warm~...' She thought to herself as she leaned her head on Ivy's chest and nearly dozed off.
Ivy smiles as she washes her daughter's back. Marie moaned softly as she was resting on her mother's chest. "Mom... Mom, you feel... so soft and warm~." she smiles as she nuzzles chuckled at her daughter. She then lifted the Snivy's head up with her (Ivy's) vines they stared in each other's eyes for a couple minutes. "Mom~?" she ask feeling her face turn red. Ivy slowly nears her face, puckering her lips. Marie blushes as she know's what's next, but she smiles as she closes her then kiss, much to the other female Pokemon's amusement and especially Mawile's.'I knew it would come to this.' Mawile thought with a smile.
She kept recording as they muffled in their kiss. Marie started to use her vines to hug her mom close. "Mmom~..." Marie muffled in their kiss. Mmarie~..." Ivy muffled back, wrapping her tongue with her daughter's. "Mmm~... Haah~..." They moaned as they let go and lick each other's tongues before kissing and making out, back and forth with saliva skimming down their mouths, necks, breasts and mother and Daughter enjoyed this as they felt their bodies becoming warm. Mawile was still recording but was also masturbating herself. "Hah~... Hah~... Hah~... Oh Arceus~... They're so good~..."
Lopunny was feeling frisky herself as she watches the scene. She turns to Greninja who was thrusting her tongue inside her own vagina. "You taste good?" Lopunny ask. "Delish~" Greninja swooned, taking her tongue out. "But I wonder what YOU taste like~?" Lopunny moves and holds the frog, "How about I do the same to you~?" "Hm~... Yes, this'll do~ But can you go deep as I can~?" Greninja said as she slid her tongue deeper in Lopunny's slit. Lopunny moans from the feeling as she moves to Greninja's cunny and started licking. This kept going until the Mawile ask them to stop. "Why we need to stop?" Ivy asked.
Mawile smirked, holding her smartphone in front of them. "Because it's picture time~!" "Look cute now please~?" she ask as she gets ready. Suddenly, the Florges grabbed Mawile's shoulder. "Mind if I take the pictures with you in them~?" Mawile looks at the two. "Do you two mind?" She then gives Florges her smartphone and goes to Ivy and Marie. She moves to them and goes in between the snakes. They then all pose sexily and cutely for the camera. Then the flash shined, signaling the picture's taken. They then did more poses. Some were being playful, others look like they're being shy and embarrassed with their privates being shown, and some of them were absolutely revealing and naughty.
As this happens, Marie felt herself feeling really hot and frisky inside. She then lets her back float and shows off her pussy spread-eagle."Mom, I feels strange, my body feels so warm." Ivy giggled as coils her vines around Marie. "The heat's getting to you dear~ Let it heat you up some more~!" She then lifts her up, hanging in spread-eagle form! Marie blushes as she feels sweaty and shocked from the scene, "So hot, feel weird." "Still wanna act bold and sexy, Sweetie~" Ivy teased, showing off her tits at her blushes as her faces reddens as her pussy itches. "Mom, what's wrong with me?" she ask.
Ivy stops bouncing her and extends her vines a bit to massage Marie's pussy. "You'll find out soon~... But for now, just let yourself go and enjoy while it lasts~" "Ahh~."Marie moans as she felt her vines rub around her hole. She shudders from the feeling. "I-I can still take anything so... Bring it on~!" Marie dared boldly as she struggled and noticed the rest of the girls staring at her. She looks at each of their smiling faces. They, except Marie, giggled at her humiliating predicament but still amazed she is still trying to save face. Marie blushed and smirked boldly. "D-do your worst! Ahh~!" she moans at the feeling for the massage.
Feb 10Greninja got her tongue out of Lopunny and licked at Marie's stomach, Mawile has her back jaw's tongue to lick at Marie's back, Lopunny used her fluffy ears around Marie's hips and Florges gropes Maries breasts and pinches her nipples. With that, all the females were ganged up on the Snivy~! Marie tries to close her eyes as she resists the girl's pleasure. She grunted and giggled at all the tingly feelings around her body. 'Come on Marie, resist it.'The Snivy tried moving and struggling a bit to do so but to no avail. "Don't struggle now, we can see you're enjoying this~." Mawile sang out."Mmm~... Y-Yeah!? Well, it takes more that some licks and... Aaah~!" "I just love the way you moaned, it reminds me when I was a froakie when I felt like you~." agreninja said swooning.
"If your father and sister hears about this, we'll have all the fun~ The four of us~!" Ivy chimed. "Daddy... and Seana too?" she ask, her face reddening. Well, you and Seana have fun and Daddy and Mommy will do their thing~" Marie smiles at that, but can't help but think about having fun with their parents. But thinking about showing sex to her sister made her wet and that didn't help Marie trying to hold her climax. Feb 11"There's no need to hold on, let it out and we can have a...'Mother and Dauther time~.'" she said lustfully. "H-Huh~...? In what regard...?" Marie asked for the kind of their Mother and Daughter Time.
"Oh, we could cuddle with each other." she rubs her vines faster. "And maybe~..." Ivy smirks deviously, inserting her vines inside Marie who moaned at the feeling of her labia being searched. "You could remember how you and Seana used to be inside me~...?" Marie couldn't resist as she cums ad let out a sweet moan. All the ladies taste her cum and from their happy murrs, Marie tasted like nectar. "Hahh...Hahh..." the snivy panted from the orgasm. Ivy smiles and makes her vines reposition Marie from her spread-eagle form so the Snivy can lift up her head to look at her mom. "M-Mommy~..." She sighed. "Yes, my sweetie."
Marie shivered in pleasure before asking, "Wh-What was it like... In your womb~?" Ivy hugs her daughter close to her. nuzzling her cheek. She then gives her a quick kiss in the lips. "Wanna find out, dear~?" Ivy muffled in their kiss and Marie nodded, muffling in approval. "Mmhm~..." "I hope you 4 don't mind, but I'll be giving my daughter to experience her youngest moments~." Three of them nodded and but Mawile got her smartphone. "Hey~! Don't I get to record~?" She asked with sparkly eyes. "Sure, Marie'll like to get to see it." Ivy answers.
Ivy then has her vines wrap around only at Marie's tail, hanging her upside-down. The tips even hooked-up in her pussy. Ivy then positions her to her pink slit. She looks downward to her mother's pink opening. "It looks so... inviting." Marie said blushing. Mama wile helped Ivy open her pussy lips wide enough for Marie to fit through. "Wanna enter~?" Marie blushes as she looks at the pink hole. "Yes." Ivy smiled widely and lowered her down slowly. Marie felt her nose touch her mother's pinkness as she shudders from the warmth radiating.
If the steam from the water wasn't everywhere, Marie would've sniffed a flowery scent from her mother but it was rather faint because of this. Soon her face was on Ivy's slit as she starts to take a lick. Ivy giggled softly, lifting Marie up, making her whine for her mommy. "Now now~, let's stay focused here, dear~" Marie pouted, "So what do I do?" "Be a good daughter and let mommy slide you in~" Marie blushes and smiles as she nods her head. Ivy then starts lowering her daughter again. Her face pressed against her slit again. Marie stands still this time. She then lets herself slide through her mother's labia. Mawile helps them out, guiding Marie inside.
Marie felt her head slide through the opening, she can see redness around her view. It was also pink around inside too~. Marie's face reddens at the sight of it. She is then pushed some moe by Mawile and felt a finger insert inside her "Whoa~... Huh~!?" "Hey~... What are you doin~?" Mawile grinned as she fingered Marie from the outside while the Snivy's head is still in Ivy who giggled. "Just giving you a little 'treat' on your way~" Mawile said and started licking Marie's pussy. "Ahh~..." she moans as she closes her eyes, moaning in her mother's pussy.
Marie wiggles her way in her mother's labia as she is still licked. Being inside her the scent was now stronger. It smelled of flowers of every kind~. 'Mommy smells so good~...' she thought as she smells more. 'I wonder~...' Marie thought as she takes a slow, long lick around Ivy's labia. Ivy shudders as she felt her daughter lick her inside. "Mmm~! You taste so good, Mama~!" Marie muffled as half of her body is inside Ivy. "You feel so nice inside me my sweet Marie~." Ivy coos as she rubs her daughter's lower body. Marie could hear her mother and blush, feeling touched by her words. "You're so warm as well Mother." she said as she moans from the licking.
Soon, Marie slid deep enough that only her tail was showing outside. She wiggles her tail around outside to make her mother feel good outside. "Mmm~... Keep squirming, Sweetie~" Ivy moaned, feeling her daughter inside all over. Marie can feel her mother's muscles pulsing around her body, massaging her as she squirms. "Anything for you~." Mawile finds this adorable, masturbating herself. "Such a sexy relationship between mother and daughter~..." She moaned panting. "I wonder what would father and daughter be like~?" "Alright mama, take me in~." Marie said relaxing.
Ivy nodded as she saw her daughter's tail gesturing to suck her inside some more. She starts to push the rest of her daughter inside, completely inside now. "I'm finally now inside mommy~... It sure feels warm and moist in here~..." Marie moaned as she lets her vines out to masturbate her own pussy. She moans out as she felt herself being moved foreward. Marie couldn't help but becoming amorous in her surroundings. She felt her body move upwards and downwards as she slid deeper inside her mother. The sweet scent and taste of her cum was amazing.
She felt herself close as something that looks like a sealed room approaches. It was her mother's cervix, the entrance to her womb. It started to open as Marie got very close to it. 'What's going on?' Marie thought. Marie then slid out some more and noticed a stream of cum rushing at her. Marie was shocked and some got in her mouth before she closes. She swoons at the thick texture and sweet taste. "Mmm~! So good~!" She shudders from the sweet taste as she relaxed. But then she felt being slipped out of her mother. "Hey, what are you doing~?"
Ivy winced as she pushing. "Sorry, dear but... Hngh~... It's too much~..." She struggles to stay inside her mother as she pushes. But another stream of her cum was in the way and made her slide out until Marie's tail popped up. 'Come on... stay in...' Marie thought. But she became tired and fell asleep. Mawile noticed Marie's tail going limp, "I think you're daughter fell asleep." she looks at Ivy, "Wanna get her ot or need help getting her in your womb?" "I think it's time for her to come out now." Ivy suggested. "At the way she was struggling, she must've wanted to sleep in your womb." Ivy nodded and has a vine wrap around Marie's tail and slowly pulls her out.
Mawile grabbed Marie's tail as well and pulled gently. It wasn't long until the cum-covered Snivy was out and as she panted, she slowly opened her eyes. She took in the sight of her mother, holding her close to her body. "M-Mommy~..." She muttered, looking a bit sad. "I'm sorry for not taking in you all the way." she said rubbing her head. Marie made a small smile and shook her head before kissing her mother in the lips. Ivy was surprised at her daughter's willingness so soon, but smiles and kiss her back. They soon pull back and Marie cutely asks, "Can we at least try tribadism~...?" Ivy smiles, "Sure thing." she smiles as she lays on her back, Marie on the top.
Suddenly, Mawile raised her hand up. "Hey, wait! I've a better idea~!" The two look at her, "What is it?" Mawile made a devious grin and got on top of half of Ivy's pussy so Marie has the other half. "What do you girls think~? It'd be great to have three pussies rubbing each other~..." She said, touching Marie's cheek before kissing her. "Right~?" She asked. "I like it, what about you mama?" Marie said with a moan from the kiss. Ivy giggled at her daughter and her new girlfriend. "Well, three's a crowd~"
The three smiles as they started moving around, Marie holding on Mawile for support. Mawile then starts grinding her vagina against Marie's. Marie rubs Mawile's cheek, moaning as she tries to grind back to her pussy. Mawile smirked as she is quick and swift, Marie was slow and gentle. Marie moans out in pleasure as she licks her neck. Mawile giggled at the rough, moist feeling and grinds rougher. "Ahh~." Marie moans out as she starts to grind a bit faster. Ivy moaned as her pussy is grinded by two pussies grinding each wrap a vine around the two and squeezes them close, mashing their breast together.
They both moaned as their breasts feel squished at each other's. Marie smiles as she went and kisses Mawile. They even held their own breasts and dock each other's nipples. Both moaned in each other's mouths as they feel their limit coming. Ivy even felt hers as she gropes and tickles her own breasts and nipples. Marie can feel her mother shuddering as she grinds back harder, "Help me get my mother off~." she ask the Mawile. "Mmm~... No problem, cutie~" Mawile moaned and pressed her vagina still against Marie's, then they started grinding their pressed pussies against Ivy's.
Marie pushes downward and against the Duel type as they hear the Serperior moaning. "Oooh~...! You two girls make a nice girly couple~!" Ivy moaned. Marie chuckled as she closed her eyes and placed her paws on her cheeks. "Thanks, but I'm kind of bi~..." "So you wouldn't want to go out with me~?" Mawile asked looking a bit sad. Marie groped Mawile's breast, winking. "I will go out with you~ It's just that some girls need to get a cock in them sometime." Mawile murrs as she does the same. "Point." Mawile then pinches Marie's nipples and pulls them a bit, causing the Snivy to wince. Marie counters by making some vines and slapping Marie's butt cheeks.
The two girls wince and cry in pleasure as they sexually torture each other. Ivy sees this and grinned, sweat-dropping. 'Oooh~, I wonder if I could ask Shellz to slap my lower backside with his seamitars~?' She sees her vines, 'And I could slap him with my vines~.' '... Or maybe finger him in his butt-hole With her vines~?' As she was thinking other sexual things, she moans out loudly as she climaxes. The other girls were cumming as well. Marie and the Mawile hug each other as they ride their climaxes. "Aah~! It feels all warm~!" Marie moaned loudly. "And so creamy~! Eee~!" Mawile moaned at the same tone.
Marie smiles at the afterglow she feels, but also sadder as she looks downward to her mother's pussy lips. Ivy noticed this and decided to ask. "What's wrong now, sweetheart~?" "I really wanted to enter your womb Mommy~." Marie sighs. Ivy smiled warmly and brought Marie with her vines and then nuzzled her nose with hers. "Don't cry, my sweet daughter, next time we'll try again~" She reassured, kissing Marie in the lips. Mawile also stood up, kissing Marie's pussy. "Alright, but I want to enter as soon as possible." she said. "Maybe when we get home and you and Seana get 'acquainted'~... Oh, look at these girls, they had their fun~" Ivy noticed Florges, Lopunny and Greninja were doing the same thing Ivy, Marie and Mawile did but it included Greninja's tongue in Florges.
They relaxed and watch the scene unfold. After the other three came, it was time to go home. Marie turns to Mawile, "By the way you have a name?" The Mawile smiled and then posed sexily. "Ahahah~... My name's Mawi~" "Nice to meet you Mawi. I'm Marie, but you probably know that." Marie said holding her arm. Mawi grabbed Marie's arm and pulls her close. "Ooh~ More smooching~?" The Snivy asked. She get's her answer as Mawi planted her lips fiercely. Marie pulled back with a string of saliva between their mouths, panting. "Why not ask your parents if you can come over to sleepover in my place~?" "I actually stay home by myself." "Oh... Sorry." Marie apologized.
"It's okay, thank you for the kindness." Mawi said. "So... You gonna come sleepover in my place with my sister~?" Marie asked with sparkly eyes and fondles her own breasts which Mawi couldn't help but stare at them jiggling. "Well since you're offering, it's much better than being home alone~." Ivy chimed. "Great~! I'll call my husband~" Marie then gets molested from behind by Mawi whose legs are sitting inbetween the Snivy's tail. "Your breasts are real soft~" Marie blushes, "You know you're squishing them back there right?"
Mawi grinned and grinded her breasts against Marie's back while pinching and pulling her nipples again. She uses her tail to start rubbing Mawi's pussy. They giggled when Ivy came to them with a smile. "My husband says it's okay for a sleepover~." she announced. The two girls cheered as they kept molesting and sexually torturing each other. "Easy now, you don't want you fall asleep do you~?" They realized that and blushed, looking at each other. "Yeah, we should save some fun with Seana~" Marie suggested. Mawi sighs and stops,but not before giving a kiss. The three then wiped themselves dry and got dressed with Ivy, Marie and Mawi putting on scarves to wrap around their boobs, covering them. The three then exits the hot springs together.


Marie X Mawi X Seana (F Oshawott)

Marie X Mawi (F Mawile) X Seana (F Oshawott)
Two sisters and their new friend had some fun after the hot spring scene earlier. Contains some unbirth.

* * *

Marie and Ivy had came back from their hot spring hang out with Mawi joining Marie and Seana for a sleepover. The three young girls were in Marie's and Seana's room and made it dark with the nightlight on. Seana and Mawi were sitting down, waiting for something to happen, which was Marie with her scarf wrapped around her breasts! She started making brief dance moves while doing some kind of roll call. "From the teasing darkness, I cover myself until the exposing light shows my true beauty~!" She then grabs one end of her scarf, pull until it slips off and throws it away before sexily posing with the light flashing to reveal her bustiness. "I'm Marie, the Sexy Snivy~" She finished, winking.
The two girls clapping while Seana looks at her sister with awe-filled eyes. Mawi chuckled and looked at Marie with seductive eyes. "You've got style, Marie but~... I've got surprise~" She and Seana dashed to her fast. Mawi was close in front of Marie and Seana was close behind Marie. The Snivy, curiously looked at them back and forth. "Huh?" "What are you two doing? I wasn't done." she tells them. Seana giggled, grabbing Marie's breasts from behind and fondles with them. Mawi gets close to Marie, mashing their breasts together and places her paws on the Snivy's cheeks.
"You're quite the charming type~ I love that about you~!" Mawi said which maded Marie blushed and puts up a bold look. "Yeah, I'm quite a pokemon you know~?" teases Marie. The steel type grins at the grass type. "Suit yourself~." Mawi then plants a kiss in Marie's lips, holding her head against hers. Their eyes were closed at the moment. Marie wraps her tongue around Mawi's mouth, sucking on it as she explores Mawi's mouth. Mawi gave out a muffle moan and wrestles her own tongue against Marie's. They were locked in a battle for dominance.
Seana looked at her sister and girlfriend in awe. 'Whoa~... Big Sis is really into it~... But Mawi is kinda getting the upper paw.' She thought as Marie was leaning her head back. Mare blushes from the warm feeling, but knows she's loosing the upper hand. 'What do i do? I don't want to be dominated in front of my sister, but I have no idea how to turn the tide.' she thought as she was pushed back.
Feb 16She was then shocked when Mawi wrapped her arms around Marie in a way which she is totally locked in place, unable to sexually fight back. Marie tries to struggle out of her grip, even pull away from her. But Mawi has a strong grip on her. On some other side of the room, Ivy and Shellz were on a comfy sleeping mat. Shellz was going straight with Ivy. He had slipped on a condom afterwards to prevent him from messing up Marie's chance in unbirthing. Ivy has somewhat coiled around Shellz to hold him close to her, nuzzling his chest. "Oh, look at them~ Aren't they cute having a sexy time together~?" Ivy asked her husband. "Yes they are. Pretty bold of you two to go at it at the springs~." he smirks licking her breast. Ivy giggled. "Aw, Marie just wanted to show off her sexiness~"
"Oh really~?" he takes out Mawi's smartphone she left in a bag outside their room, scanning the photos and showing a certain video to her, "Was these part of her showing off?" Ivy frozen for a moment. "H-Huh!? H-How did y-you get through Mawi's security?" She asked, wanting to know how Shellz could've gotten the passcode. "I ask Mawi if she didn't mind if I take a look at her photos, she sad she doesn't. Plus she didn't had a passcode, just slide it up and I got access." he explained. Shellz then looked at pictures of Ivy, Marie and Mawi exposing their pussy lips in front of the camera. "Well~, weren't you three pretty daring~" He chuckled, making her blush.
Ivy smiles though, seeing that he's not mad or anything about it. "I have something special as well on it too." Shellz smirked. "You mean someONE~?" Ivy grins as he looks at her. They continue when Marie was able to part her lips from Mawi's and then she wiped their saliva off her mouth with her forearm, panting. "Hahh...hahh.." Marie tries to catch her breath. She then glared at Mawi who was still smirking. "What's with you!? I almost suffocated from our kiss!" "Sorry, couldn't help myself." she says. Mawi then pushes in another kiss in Marie's lips, shocking the Snivy as the Mawile just locks them tightly in place.
Marie breathes through her nose in a effort to breath. But starts to choke as she's getting gagged by Mawi's deep starts to push back against her kiss, getting them , Marie was able to part their lips, panting. "Please no more kisses like that?" Marie ask her. Mawi rolled her eyes. "Okay~..." The grinned seductively. "Hey, were you trying to look good in front of your sister~?""Yes I was." she answered. Marie looked at Seana, hoping not to see her disappointed but she saw her panting with drool on her lips. "How am I doing so far?" he ask with a smile. "So~... Hot~!" Seana said with lustful eyes, squeezing her sister's breasts tight.
Marie blushes and moans from the squeeze. "Do you like your sister's breast? Seana just squeals as she squeezes them tighter, even Marie's nipples. This made the Snivy Yelp in shock. Marie blushes redder from the feeling, moving her vines to rub Seana's butt. The tips starts rubbing at her butt cheeks, making her giggle. "Ohh, why are you giggling?" Marie ask with a smirk. "Because you're tickling me~!" "Aww, my cute younger sister's ticklish~." Marie sang out rubbing them more. Seana giggled more as she pressed her head against Marie's back and squeezed her nipples tighter.
Marie fires back by poking the vine tip to Seana's hole. Seana gave out a sharp gasp. "Eep~! S-Sis~...!" "Yes~?" "Look up~." Seana informed and Marie looked up to see another pair of vines coming down to grab her. "Hey wait, those aren't mine~?" she looks confused as she looks at them getting close. "Nope, they're mine~." Ivy, still getting sexed by Shellz who thankfully has his condom on, revealed herself. "Mom." the sisters said in joy at hearing her voice. Ivy's vines then wrap around Marie's arms and tail and then hung her up. Marie blushes as she felt the vines hug her snugly, "Wh-what are you doing?" "I'll tell you if you let your vine go of Seana~" Ivy teased.
Marie whined as she couldn't play with her anymore but she sighs as she reluctantly does what her mother asked. "Now then~... Mawi darling, Seana dear~ Give Marie a good molesting around her bod~!" Ivy commanded. Marie was set low by her mother near the ground. Mawi confronts her with something held in her hands. Marie look at her hands. "What is that?" Marie asked. Mawi then shows it around her mouth. "It's a ball gag. It covers your mouth~" "You're not gonna put that in my mouth are you?" "Don't worry, it has some holes in it so you can still breathe through your mouth." Mawi explained, pointing at the holes around the sphere. "Still it's too kinky." she said.
Ivy steps up (figuratively speaking). "Hey, your father used that when we were conceiving Seana~!" Marie looks up at her, "Really?..." Ivy nodded. Marie then nodded and opened her mouth wide at Mawi who carefully placed the ball gag at the Snivy's mouth. Like they said, Marie is able to breathe through the holes in the gag. Mawi smiled at Marie's hung up position with the ball gag in her mouth. "So~... How're you feeling now~?" She tried to speak, but the ball gag causes her words to get muffled. Mawi giggled as she starts to play with Marie's nipples. "I'll take that as a 'yes'~" Marie grip the ball gag in her mouth as she stiffens a moan.
Mawi then tickles Marie's nipples with her wet tongue. Marie shudders from he feeling, trying to remain as still as possible. Seana has her face at Marie's pussy and kisses it. 'You're not gonna get me to moan...' Marie thought defiantly. Seana then licks at Marie's pussy and Mawi docks her own nipples around Marie's. Marie's tail twitches from the pleasure, wanting to play back. But she could with Ivy keeping her limbs hanged by her vines. So all she could do is be there, helpless in her position as her body is being played with.
Mawi laughed as she made her and Marie's nipples erect after docking them. "Hehehe~... You're getting really turned on, you cute snake~" Marie responded my panting in a steady pace in response. "Well~..." Mawi chimed as she pokes Marie's nipples, pinches them and pulls them slowly. "You're about to feel real good, Marie~!" 'Oh my..." Marie shudders as she felt like moaning, 'Why does this feel so good~?" Seana takes her scalchop off her belly and rubbed it's tip at Marie's pussy. "OOoohh~..." Marie moan in bliss as she looks at the two.
Mawi giggled and looked at her. "What is it~? You want to take your torture to the next level~?" Marie humphed and closed her eyes boldly, daring Mawi to just try it. "Well if you want to~..." She takes her scallop and started to insert it in Marie. Seana then licks around Marie's clit and Mawi decided to pinch, pull and twist Marie's nipples. "Try not to cum when we torture you~." "That's my intention..." Marie muffled as she clenches her teeth. There was also saliva flowing from her ball gag. Ivy nuzzles Marie's neck affectionately with her head. All the while still getting fucked by her husband who was recording their daughter's torture. "Ahh... so cute~." Ivy murrs.
"Yeah~ Reminds me of twisting your own nipples, huh~?" Shellz said, pinching and pulling Ivy's nipples a bit. "Ohh yes, you did like my large breast right?" she ask seductively. "They ARE soft like warm fluffy bread~" Shellz blushed and squeezed her chest. Mawi was still twisting and pulling Marie's nipples while Seana is starting sucking Marie's clit. "Ahhh..."she murrs as the pleasure warms her body. Not to mention the stimulating sensitivity making her body feel wild. 'But I won't cum to this!' she thought determined.
But then she felt her nipples being pinched, twisted and pulled harder. Same goes for her clitoris being licked faster and suckled harder. 'I won't cum...I won't cum' she repeated to herself in her mind as she tries to hold on. Mawi giggled as her fingers, pinching, twisting and pulling Marie's nipples were about to slip off as she intended. "What's the matter~? Everyone has a limit to how much pain and pleasure they can take~... What about you~?" "I'm not gonna give you the satisfaction!" Marie muffled. "Oh yeah, sis~?" Seana said, pushing her scalchop further inside, sucking her sister's clit. "Ahh~!"
Marie squealed as she felt herself about to cum hard. But then she felt the feelings stopped as they move away from her. Marie pants and looks at the two of them. "Mmm?" She muffled, asking why they stopped? Although, Seana's scalchop was still in her. "I gotta say, I'm impressed that you lasted this long." Mawi stated, smiling. "Yeah~ You look so sexed silly, sis~!" Seana teased. "Thanks." Marie was happy that she held out, but wants to finish now, "Now can you finish it now?" she asked her voice muffled. Mawi and Seana giggled and got back to what they had been doing to let out a plesured moan as they rub her pussy and breast again.
Mawi pinched, twisted and pulled Marie's nipples harder than before and Seana suckled Marie's clitoris even more while twitching her scalchope inside the Snivy. Smiling, Mawi takes out the ball gag as she tugs and pulls Narie's nipples. She even kisses her in place of the ball gag. Marie moaned and kissed her back. They wrestled their tongues together. Marie was holding her own very well against the Mawile. But was giving into her. "I can't be giving up now!" she muffled as she renews her fight. But she was being tortured while still feeling good.
She can see Mawie's mischievousness in her eyes glowing. So the Mawile tickled her nipples to catch her off guard. "Oohh.." she moans in pleasure as she goes and relaxed. Mawi, smiling that she got Marie relaxed, tugs and pulls her nipples while Seana licks Marie's clit. "Oh, fine... play with my body." Marie said as they separated. "No prob~... But you're about to cum and my fingers are about to slip off your nipples~" Mawi chimed. "And the problem is~..." Marie churrs out. "Hmm?" Mawi hums out. "You made it sound like it's bad." "Actually, it's good, Marie~" Mawi licked her lips. Marie giggled at the steel type.
She then moaned at the continuous torturing feeling. Soon she felt liquid flowing through her and she moans out loudly. Marie couldn't take it anymore as she felt Mawi's pinching, twisting fingers slip off her nipples and Seana suckling her clit hard until her lips had to breathe. The Snivy came hard, pushing her sister's scalchop out of her labia. It fell on the bed, completely covered in juices. Seana picked it up and licked her sister's sweet nectar off her shell. Make her swoon at the taste. Marie can see her shuddering, swooned from it. "How does your sister taste?" Ivy asked. "So sweet~...!" The Oshawott chimed and suckled her shell like a pacifier.
She smiled as she licked Marie's neck, noting that the Snivy looks tired. "Aw, feeling sleepy~? Do you want to be in my womb, sweetie~?" Ivy asked as she felt herself and Shellz getting close. Marie yawned as she nods her head "Yes please?" "Teehee~ Okay, mommy and daddy are almost done with their sex. Don't worry, daddy has his condom on so my womb won't be a mess~" Marie smiled, but noticed Seana looking at the parents in nervousness. The Snivy then slip off of their mother's vines because of her sweat. "What's wrong, little sis~?" "I'm.. um well... do you think...' she had trouble speaking.
Mawi could hardly figure it out as she tells her. "Well, what is it?" "Marie... think I can... join you?" she looks away. "...? What do you think, mom?" Ivy thought about the question looking at the two. "Well~... Maybe if you hug each other very closely, I might be able to squeeze you both inipside~... Aah~!" Ivy suggested before cumming with Shellz. Shellz licked his wife's neck while winking at the girls. He then pulls his member out which the condom was filled like a balloon full of his seed. "I'll go take a shower, you three have fun in your mom~" Shellz then went into the bathroom. "So haw you want to do this?" Seana ask her sister. "Just hold on to me close and tight." The Snivy said, embracing her younger sister.
Seana blushes at the feeling, but does what she said hugging her close as she can. They were then lifted up by their mother's vines. Mawi was recording this. Seana blushes as she rubs Marie's neck. Marie could tell she was getting nervous. She rubs her back softly as she kisses her head. "It'll be okay~... It's until next morning~" Marie assured her. "Okay.." she stops shaking at her words. They were then positioned near their mother's pussy lips. They felt their feet touching the lips as Seana blushes at the sight. She looked at Marie who winked at her. Seana smiles as she kissed her on the cheek.
They were then starting to slide inside their mother's labia. Seana shudders from the warm feeling at her legs. Marie did so as well, loving the feeling back from the onsen. Ivy moans from the pleasurable feeling from inserting her daughters inside her slit. They were halfway inside and Mawi came to them to push their heads in her. Seana was shuddering and holding Marie close, "So warm, I feel like I'm being hugged all around." "Yeah, it's real tight in here~ I feel like sleeping in this warm and moist place~..." Marie agreed and sighed. "Yeah, I'm actually getting tired myself."
Seana yawned, but the two girls continued to squirm to their mother's womb. Soon, their heads are the only part left outside as they looked at their mother. Ivy was just closing her eyes, moaning on how good it feels. "Think you can do it this time?" Marie ask to be sure. "I'll try~ Besides, I came so my labia should be lubricated to slide you both in easily~" "Okay." Marie held her sister's head close to her and kissed her gently. Mawi then finish pushing their heads inside. With that, Mawi move her hand to the bulge the girls are making and rub it.
Ivy shuddered at the feeling. "Mawi, when I'm about to cum, make sure the girls stay put." "Will do." the Mawile said. The two sisters started squirming through their mother's labia. Juices coating their bodies as they were pushed to each other from the muscles. They were also sweaty during Marie's torture. They were sliding upwards in a steady pace, even can feel their mother's heartbeat through her. "Wow... I wonder if it was hard for mommy when each of us were inside her?" Seana wondered. "Huh?" Marie asked confused. "Well, I remember some screaming when she laid my egg and..." The Oshawott muttered and gulped. "Yeah, it was rather loud." the grass type pointed out.
They then continued squirming inside. They saw a pink wall in front of them two and they reach forward. It was their mom's cervix. Seana and Marie reached out to touch the entrance. They noticed it twitched a little. They smiled and wait for their mother to finish their journey. Soon enough, the cervix started to open. "It's ... opening." Seana stated. "Yeah... Get ready~" Marie agreed. Their feet started to slip past the opening and their legs followed. They were almost inside. They settle inside and the cervix walls closed after them. "We're finally here~... Mommy's womb." Marie awed at the warm pink interior. "It's so soft~... and warm." Seana was swooned at the feeling around her. "It's tight and wet too~" Marie swooned at the texture around them.
They smiled and hugged each other closely, rubbing each other's back. "Sis~... I feel sleepy..." Seana yawned. "Me too~.." Marie yawned as well moving her hand to her sister's slit. Seana moaned as she breathed soundly asleep. She was able to have her hand on Marie's pussy. Marie moaned as she became fast asleep herself. The two pleasured the other as they snuggled close, feeling safe and comforted within their mother. Ivy feels satisfied for her daughters. Ivy and Shellz move and started nuzzling the bulge the two make. "They'll be alright." The Samurott said."I know, it just brings back memories of my pregnancy." Ivy said her eyes watering a bit.
"You two must be very proud~..." Mawi smiled at them. "We are." they said to her. They kissed each other while Mawi yawned exhaustedly. Ivy noted her fatigue, then she also thought of something. "You stay home by yourself right?" "Yeah, why do you ask?" Mawi asked, rubbing her eyes. "I was wondering... You do get along with my daughters well, why don't you stay with them longer?" she ask winking at the Mawile. Mawi widened her eyes a bit. "You mean..." "Mind becoming our adopted daughter?" Shellz asked. Mawi's eyes shone in joy. "I'll go get my stuff~!" The Mawile got up and ran out of the room in a breakneck speed.
A few minutes later and surprisingly, she came back with all her things. "You didn't had to go out all of the sudden, you look like you're about to pass out." Ivy pointed out. Mawi panted. "Well, all the more I may as well sleep." She then fainted. The two giggle as the Serperior wrapped the Mawile in her coils comfortingly as they headed to the room. They then went in bed.
(Next morning)
Ivy yawned and moaned at the feeling of her uterus moving. "It's time for my daughters to come out." The Serperior then starts pushing. Shellz woke up and realizes what's happening, so he nuzzles her head. "You can do it, honey~" The Samurott encouraged. Encouraged by her husband, she started to push harder. Soon, she felt the bulge squirm to get out. "Thanks for the help you two." she murr as the bulge gets lower. The two sisters then reached to her vaginal entrance.
Their head push through as they close their eyes to the brightness. They then pop their heads through the exit. When their arms came out, they assisted with helping their mother getting them out of her pussy. So she used her vines to help them. Soon the two were sprayed out, slickened with juices. Seana and Marie wiped their faces and breathed for fresh air. "So how was it?" the mother asked. "It was so warm and wet~!" Marie chimed. "And so tight too~" Seana squealed cutely. "Well I'm glad that you two enjoyed it, and you're welcome to take a nap anytime~." Ivy smiles, "Now before we get our day started, we got some wonderful news~."
A voice spoke before he can announce it. "Good morning sisters. Hope you slept well?" Mawi came in smiling. "Sisters?" They asked. "Last night, I been adopted by your parents. We're family now." She hugs them smiling. They smiled and hugged her back, cheering. "I see you two are taking a liking to it already." Shellz said smiling. The two sisters nodded as they kissed their new sister. "Aw thank you." she then started to have tears in her eyes. Then they all decided to take a bath.


M Ampharos X F Mawile

M Ampharos X F Mawile
The Dashing Wanderer and his Archaeologist went n a mission to stop some mega evolved outlaws with their mega forms as well. Afterwards at Lively Town, they noticed thay they're still in their Mega Forms...

* * *

The Expedition gadget opened up and explained that the group of outlaws was on the next floor. "Well well, Mawile~ It looks like we'll be catching those criminals soon~" Ampharos stated to his partner. The two had decided to go off on their own mission. "It would seem so." stated the fairy/steel type as they traverse through hallways. Ampharos, being the Dashing Wanderer, soon got lost as usual and started bumping into objects, walls p, wild Pokemon, etc.
Mawile sighs as she finds herself alone once again, "Well it's like him for causing this situation." she noted shrugging her shoulders. "Still, I can't help but find him funny when he's like this~..." She giggled before going to the stairs. Before she does so, she reaches into her explorer bag and took out a Awakening emera she found two floors back. "These outlaws are Pokemon that can Mega Evolve... So am I~" She then places the emera in her looplet, Mega Evolving into a more powerful version of herself.
Her lower body consisted of a purple coloring with her sand blonde color. She also has two giant jaws on her head. "Ahh... I love it when this happens." Mawile said with a smile as she look over herself. Her new and stronger appearance that is. Satified of her appearance, she headed up the stairs to the next floor. She then starts confronting the outlaws. "Hold it right there, you fiends!" She said, posing valiantly. One of the outlaws, a Mega Houndoom, turn to her. "What the? Who are you?" "I. Am Mawile~! And I'm here to bring you crooks in!" She said to them.
The three stood there for a moment before chuckling. "Hm? What's so funny?" Mega Mawile asked, annoyed. A Mega Gengar smirks at her. "You tend to take all three of us on? Alone?" he pointed out. "I can handle any size~" Mega Mawile boasted before charging at them. She struck the Gengar with a Sucker Punch. The Mega Gengar grunted and growled. Mawile smiled, but noticed a shadowy figure moving to her direction. The Mega Banette used Shadow Sneak behind her. She winced from the blow that landed on her. Mega Mawile was then tackled on to the ground by the Mega Houndoom. Just as she was getting up, she was knocked back down by Gengar's Shadow Punch.
Mawile soon got pinned on the ground. 'Oh man, this is bad!' she struggles to get out of the Houndoom's grip. "So~... You said you can 'handle any size', huh~?" He said darkly. "Huh?" she asked, wondering why he's bringing that up. She soon got her answer when she saw something between his legs! Her body paled up at the sight of his 9 in steaming shaft, "Wait, that wasn't what I meant!" she yells at them. "Was it now~?" Gengar and Banette said, showing their members. Mawile's faces pales at the situation. Normally her calm and compose face is replaced with a terror and fear filled face. "Someone help me!" she cries out.
"Hold it right there!" A familiar voice cried out. "Huh?" the outlaws look at the direction of the voice. Mawile also noticed who it was and recognizes him even though he seems different. His neck and head was covered in thick white fur. His tail was also fluffier with some more and red orbs all over it. "Who... Who are you?" The houndoom asked. "I'm Ampharos." He then struck his usual pose and looked awesomer in Mega form. "The Dashing Wanderer!"
The outlaws looked at the electric type in confusion to the scene. "I heard about your actions and it's one thing to do those bad things..." his face becomes more stern with anger as he said. "But to also take advantage of a lady, have you no shame!?" "Y-Yeah?! Well, what if we say if it's not just ladies?!" The Banette boasted. He got that answer in a form of a Electro Ball to the face. Enough time for Mawile to use her back maws at the distracted Houndoom! They both Crunch at the Houndoom's sides. The Houndoom howled in pain before being thrown off of her.
The Gengar launched Shadow ball at the Ampharos. But he dodged it before using an Iron Tail at him. It staggered before fainting on his back. Mawile came to Ampharos and they smiled at each other before they use an Alliance against the two remaining outlaws. Mawile lashed Fairy Wind and Ampharos used Zap Cannon. The two outlaws had no time to dodge and futilely tried to block it. But the two combined forces was too much for them to take as they both faint.
Mawile and Ampharos reveled in their victory and sighed in exhaustion. Surprisingly, they didn't revert back to their normal forms. Mawile rubbed her shoulder as she felt a bit sore from the injuries before. "Here, let me take care of that." Ampharos offered to help. He places his paw on her shoulder and started rubbing it softly. Mawile blushed at his kindness. "Thank you, you handle girls more properly than they did~." "Respect towards a lady is a priority in my book." Ampharos stated with a smile. Mawile chuckled before getting up. "Well, we better turn these criminals over to the local sheriffs in Lively Town~" "Right."
The two held their expedition badges to them and they were warped to Lively Town. "Thank you for helping me by the way." she said. "Like I said-" Ampharos blushed and was about to explain once more but they teleported faster than they thought. The two wound up in lively town. "Sorry, misjudged the time it took. What were you saying?" she asked. "Oh, never mind. By the way, do you noticed anything about us?" He said, noticing they had not reverted back to normal. She looked at herself to see she's in her form as well.
"That's odd, normally one wouldn't stay in their mega forms for that long." They checked their looplets to see all but the Awakening emera was gone. "And emera's don't stay with us outside of dungeons." "Hm..." Ampharos wondered when he noticed the blank Emera-shaped stone was shining a rainbow colour and has a strange DNA-leaf symbol. Mawile noticed the symbol as well, humming in interest. "Interesting... It's as if our Looplets might be... Never mind, we'll see to this later." Mawile looked up and saw that it's still rather early, so dinner will be still a little while. "Guess we head back to the headquarters?"
"Provided that Swirlix won't consume most of our provisions as usual~?" Ampharos joked, making Mawile giggle. "The chances of that happening is the same as you walking to the entrance without bumping into anything~." Mawile made a joke of her own. They both laughed and went back to headquarters... Where the entire expedition were surprised to find out... "WHAAAAT?!" Most of the members yelled out in shock. "Whoa... Ampharos... Mawile..." Froakie stated in awe. "H-How are you stuck in your Mega Evolutions?" Riolu asked confusedly. "That's what I plan to figure it out actually." Mawile pointed out. "But right now, I think we all deserve a break~" Ampharos suggested to let this slide until tomorrow.
Everyone nodded and headed in each direction, Mawile heading into her room. "Pardon me, Mawile." Ampharos stated. "Hm? What is it Ampharos?" "Forgive for being rude but... May I accompany you in your room?" He asked nervously. "Oh sure, come on in." Mawile smiles as she walked in. "Thank you, dear~" Ampharos accidentally blurted out. Mawile stopped for a bit before turning to him, "What was that?"
Ampharos was shocked and embarrassed in himself. "Uh! I mean Mawile! That's what I mean!" "Oh okay." Ampharos sighed in relief. 'Oh good, I almost jumped the gun there... Wait do we even have guns?' Mawile took out a empty book and started writing down what she experienced today, especially the extended mega evolution emera. Not to mention, their Looplets started acting strangely. She reached to take the emera out of the Looplet.
But she had second thoughts. 'Hmm... Ampharos and I somehow made this... And this may be the first stage... I wonder if we become closer, we might...' Mawile then stopped at her train of thought, 'Closer, what did I mean by that?' "Mawie~! Are you ready to snuggle with me~? *Gasp!* I-I mean, a-are you ready to get some rest! Yes, that's what I meant because... It's been a hard day's romance! I mean, work!" Ampharos called out, giving out mixed signals. Mawile heard those words and started to blush at hearing them. 'Is that why he wanted to stay with me?' she thought smiling as she was touch by his affections.
She then noticed her Looplet was glowing brighter. 'Huh? I wonder if our emotions...?' She looked at Ampharos's looplet to see that it's glowing brightly as well. Mawile then gulped, wondering if they cuddle for the night... "Would you like to call it a day?" she blushed a bit turning to Ampharos. Who was twiddling with his paws, blushing all the way. "Yes!... I-I mean, if you don't mind." his red orbs were pulsating as he shares the same shade as Mawile. "Well then, can you share a bed~?" Mawile seductively asked. He nods slowly with a smile.
She then lies down next to him and adjusts herself to get comfy. Once she's done, Ampharos lay down next to her. Ampharos was nervous and tried not to say anything weirdly romantic between them so he decided to make up a subject. "So... Those outlaws claimed they didn't just shamefully forced women but also men?" Mawile closes her eye in disgust, "I don't really want to try picturing what they mean." she said. 'Darn it!' Ampharos turned a pale blue, stiff that he said something wrong.
He tried to say something about the weather. "The weather was pleasant today wasn't it?" "What weather? We were in a dungeon and there was hardly a sky-light." Mawile pointed out. "Er... um.." he started getting cold sweats as he slipped up again. "I... Wasn't much... Help at the last minute... Was I?" He nervously asked. "Actually... you arrived at the nick of time." she admitted. "I did...?" He asked. She nodded, "If you didn't arrived that moment, they would've done horrible things." She shake a bit recalling that moment.
Ampharos was intrigued by Mawile's new expression. She had never felt like this before. "I'm sorry for not arriving sooner to prevent the situation from getting to that point." he said rubbing her shoulder for comfort her. "It's alright, Ampy... I was actually scared..." Mawile shuddered, her eyes shining with tears. Ampy? Who's Ampy?" he asked, never hearing that before. Mawile made a small shriek. "Eep! No one! Not like Mawie, I mean-" "Now who's Mawie?" he ask hearing another name. He then recognizes it as the one he called out to Mawile. "Now I remembers, but who's Ampy though?" he ask Mawile.
Mawile was extremely nervous until Ampharos starts to get the picture. He was blushing. "It's... me? Am I the one you meant for Ampy?" "No, Ampharos... You're Ampy... My Ampy." Mawile finally admitted. Ampharos face goes red, open his mouth to speak, but at a lost for words. "O-Oh m-my goodness...! Mawie~..." He muttered embarrassingly. Mawile blushes when he said her nickname, smiling at him. They then hold paws together, lost in each other's stare. "You... you have such a beautiful face Mawie." Ampharos said, looking in her ruby eyes. "Yours are like an onyx jewel~..." Mawile replied, blushing.
Ampharos brought Mawile close to him, putting her into a deep embrace. It felt warm and safe for the two of them. He rubbed her back up and down softly, humming a soft tune. Mawile sighed on his chest, swooning in his warm hug. "You smell pretty you know?" he whispers in her ear. Mawile blushed, realizing he took a whiff of her hair. "I mean, we're very close you know, it's hard to ignore your scent." Mawile giggled and looks at his face. He smiled as they look at each other. The then leaned in closer to each other. "Um... Mawie?" Mawile placed a paw on his cheek. "Mind if I kiss you?" he asked her blushing.
Ampharos blushed intensely when he asked. Mawile blushed as well. "Go right ahead." she answers. Ampharos then leaned in closer and closer, closing his eyes and opening his mouth. She moved closer and closed her eyes as well, their mouths touching. They were going slow since neither of them done this before. "Mmm..." They muffled out in the kiss. He slip his tongue inside her mouth and moved it around inside. Mawile widened her eyes a little, not expecting that from Ampharos. But she doesn't find it bad or anything, so she relax and let him do as he pleases. She even slides her own tongue inside Ampharos's mouth.
Which the electric type moans in pleasure from the feeling. Mawile could feel small prickly tingles from his tongue, him being an Electric-type and all. It tickles her mouth as she giggles from it. "Hmgh~..." She soon felt something grow on her groin. She looked down to see Ampharos had gotten a little excited of their actions. Mawile then reached a hand to his erection. She brushed a tip which caused the electric type to shudder. "Ah~...! Oh my, Mawie...? What are you-" Ampharos asked, feeling strange around his body by a sudden, certain jolt. "What that? I can't hear you~." she teases as he cuts off his sentance, by squeezing his member firmly.
"Wh-what are you.. ah.~.. doing~?" he ask getting it out. "Making more love with you~" Mawile chimed, stroking him up and down. "Ah~!" he blushes as he strokes her body as she rubs his shaft. He also placed his paws at his mouth so the other E.S. Members wouldn't hear them. She moved her hand away and replaced it with one of her back mouths. "Ack~! Not with your big jaws, Mawie, they're sharp~...!" Ampharos flinched scarcely. "Ampy~... trust me okay~..." she looks at him with genuine eyes. He was still nervous but Mawile gave him a reassuring kiss, promising him that she won't hurt him.
With those words, Ampharos relaxed. To be honest, Mawile never did anything that would consider that she'd hurt him, and the jaw on her head is as gentle as her heart. Mawile smiles as she uses her other mouths to lick the electric type's shaft. He still flinched but in pleasure this time. Mawile smiles as she nuzzles her head to his. He smiled and grabbed her head for comfort. She murred as she licks slowly and gently, all the way from the stump to the tip. Mawile looks at the cock with a flushed face as she felt herself getting wet.
She then let's one of her hands masturbate herself. "Ahh~..." she moans from the pleasure at fingering herself. She even stuck her tongue out when she tickled her clitoris. "Aww, you moan so cutely~.." Ampharos teases her as he watches. "Well, you on the other paw, shiver rather nervously~" Mawile replied back at him. The electric type blushes and shivers at the words. "Touche~." He then gets an idea and stops her to tell. "What is it?" He then positions them in a 69 position, much to Mawile's surprise! "What's going on?" she asked him.
All he answered her is a lick at her wet pink slit. "Ahhh~..." she moaned in response. And then she licked his member with her soft, rough and pink tongue. Ampharos shudders from the feeling as he continues licking her pussy. Her juices has such a unique sweet and sour flavour. She murr as she takes his tip into her mouth and started licking it around. Sucking the tip even. It was salty, but strangely pleasant to her. They muffled out moans of joy from their tastes. Ampharos places her paws around Mawile's waist, rubbing gasped and giggled at the ticklish feeling he was giving her.
She opens her mouth more and take in more of his cock, engulfing it in her entire maw. He shudders from the warm feeling, and starts licking her clit like a lollipop. Ahhh~..." she moans out as she licks him around and suck as well. They moaned a bit louder, signifying they're close to orgasming. Mawile takes all of his cock in her mouth as she prepares herself, as she feels her labia being invaded by Amhparos's tongue. Both moaned at the same time, hitting their climax. Their fluids gushed into each other's mouths. 6The two swallow down what that had and slipped out and take some breaths.
They panted, trying to catch their breaths from their ordeal. 'That was a lot different than I thought it would be.' Mawile thought that as she had some aftertaste of his seed. 'He tasted pretty good too.' 'Hah~... She tasted so nice~... Even sweeter than those Perfect Apples~...' Ampharos pants in his thoughts, getting an aftertaste himself. Mawile looked at her looplet to see it even brighter. 'Odd... Maybe if we have one more... But what else can be do?' Mawile asked herself thinking.
Ampharos repositioned themselves to be in a missionary position with him on top of Mawile. "A-Ampy..." she said blushing from the embarrassing position. "I-It's alright, Mawie~... Just h-hold your breath." Ampharos assured, rubbing his length up and down her moist lower lips. "I'm... a maiden~...' she admitted nervously. "Huh...? What do you mean?" Ampharos asked, not understanding what she's saying. "I never had this before." she confessed to him. Ampharos gulped and tried to reassure her. "Don't worry... It's my first time too." Mawile blushes a bit, "Just... be gentle?" "I think you mean, please~?" Ampharos 'corrected' for her.
"Be gentle... Please?" Mawile added on his part. Ampharos nodded and slid in slowly as he can be... She winces at the penetration as she had to held on to him. Ampharos noticed this and kissed her deeply to muffle her cries. Mawile can feel him touching her hymen with his tip and braced herself. Ampharos then steadies himself before taking a quick plunge! Mawile felt a tearing sensation as she moaned loudly in Ampharos mouth. It felt painful for her as she wiggled around in Ampharos's electric type waited patently for her to get herself relaxed, feeling liquid run off his cock. It was red... Meaning it was her blood.
He rubs the steel/ fairy types back, "It's okay, let me know when you're ready." Ampharos said comfortingly. Mawile smiled at him and nuzzled her head at his neck. "Okay... I think I'm ready now." She nodded and kissed him briefly. He moved back a bit, then thrusted slowly back in. Mawile moaned in slight pain and pleasure until there was only pleasure. "Ooohhh~..." she held on him as she nuzzles his neck. "Aaahhh~..." He stroked her head as he thrusted inside her. Mawile moans softly as her face had a deep blush on it. They then kept going with their mating.
She places her head to Ampharos chest, feeling the warmth on him. She swooned as she still felt his member going in and out of her labia. "Ahh~... Ooohh~..." she moans from the feeling, trying to push back into her. "Ooohhh~...!" Ampharos moaned from the tightness around him. Mawile felt pressure in her loins and it started building. "A-Ampy~... I'm about to lose it~...!" She stuttered, close to her orgasm. Ampharos hears her and licked her forehead softly. "I'm gonna cum too~... M-Mawie~..." He stammered.
She felt him going faster and harder, causing her to moan louder in response. "AAHH~! OH, AMPY~! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH~!" "I love you too Mawie~!" he said as he finishes with a moan. They were lost in a world full of pleasure and soon couldn't take it anymore. They both climaxed strongly at the same time. Ampharos's seed filled up Mawile's womb which spilled her juices to wash his member. This kept up for a while as they came and shuddered.
They then noticed their Looplets shining really bright. The two looked at the glowing lights. "Whoa..." Ampharos said amazed. "I know..." Mawile replied and the Looplets became brighter. "It's even brighter than before." the electric type pointed out as he examines it. Their Looplets then shine even brighter until they turn into a different shape! The two closed their eyes from the brightness before they felt it brightness dims and they look at it again.
Their Looplets were a different shape and blackish colour with the blank Emera transformed into a round rainbow orb with a DNA teardrop/leaf symbol. "What is this? What just happened?" Ampharos asked confused at it all. "I... Don't know, Ampharos... I think our Looplets... Evolved?" Mawile said and looked up to see him back to normal. He looked at her to see that she's in her original form as well. "Evolved?" "Yes... Perhaps it has something to do with our feelings for each other?" Mawile theorized as she examined them. Ampharos looked at his own, then at hers.
They then slowly held paws together. "Um... what are we doing?" Ampharos asked feeling her soft paws. Mawile smiled at him and leaned in. "Um... Mawlie... you're leaning in a bit close." Ampharos stated getting a little shy. "It's just that I love you so much~..." Mawile chimed, hugging him tighter. Ampharos smiles and warmly wrap his arms around her body. "I love you too. Very much Mawile." They then have kiss before falling asleep, holding each other close in their arms.
(The next morning)
"Give it all you got today team!" Ampharos said to the society members. "Yeah!" They all cheered and went out to their usual work with their two new members standing. "So what are we to do now?" Riolu asked his partner. "Gee, I dunno... Maybe talk to Ampharos and Mawile about yesterday?" Froakie decided and shrugged. They then headed off to the second floor to find them. To their surprise, in the office room they found them holding hands, giggling fondly and kissing. The two blushes at the scene before them.
Ampharos and Mawile then noticed them but didn't mind at all. "Can we help you?" Ampharos asked the two. "Uh..." The two kids were blushing as they were shocked. "Well?" Mawile asked waiting. "W-We... Were just about to ask you... Where would you go to explore and help, right?" Riolu said and bumped his elbow at Froakie to play along. "Uh... Yeah. What he said." She asked shaking her head. Ampharos then suggested, "Why not the Wind Continent? There's always plenty of cool wind around~""Okay then." The two said and left the two. Mawile giggled. "They were really cute together, right Ampy~?" "You're right. So Mawie, what you like to do today?""How about lunch at the cafe~?""Fine by me." Ampharos got up. "After you my dear~."They then went out together.


Blade X Petal part 1

Blade X Petal
Part 1. Blade and Petal have been experiencing endless lust, and tries to sleep it off. Contains Contains F-H, evolution clones.

* * *

Since after Blade and Petal's visit with Nume and Ice, the two lesbians have been feeling sexually itchy and orgasmed multiple times. The herms were worried about them and tried their best to help them. Even Dyna and Eco volunteered to helped them out as well, concerned about them as well. Dyna got on top of Blade and spread her pussy lips wide open. Blade shivered intensely. "D-Dyna... Aaah~! Y-You know you're too short to do a 69 with me... Oooh~!" Dyna smirked. "I know, I just wanted to test something out~" She said, inserting her tail inside Blade and licks her clit.
"Oooh~" she moans out in intense pleasure flows through her as she felt the lightning shaped tail enter her. As Dyna is thrusting her tail inside and licking Blade, the Samurott couldn't help it as usual but cum quickly. A stream of cum flowed, surprising Dyna. "Whoa! She really does cum non-stop!" But the Raichu molests Blade some more, mischievous about how much and how long she can cum. Eco was coiled around Petal, licking her skin and thrusting inside her pussy with her cock. "This is about the forth time you came and I still haven't cum yet. Gotta say I'm impressed." she said licking the grass type's neck.
"Uuh~...! I-It's not some kind of gift, Eco! Augh~! Our pussies can't stop... CUMMING~!" Petal said, cumming without warning again. "Really? I can't tell~." Eco grins as she continues to thrust inside. Ice and Nume were annoyed that they're not helping so they picked them up. "Alright already, that's enough!" Despite the fun, they felt bad that nothing they did do any help.
"W-Wait...!" Blade said, covering and squeezing her pussy lips. "M-Maybe... Eco could insert her t-tail... Inside me t-to check for anything... In my w-womb...!" She said, making orgasm with her paws being splashed with cum. "Y-Yeah..." Petal agreed, covering her own vagina with her vines. "Y-You could... Do the same... Ice...!" Petal also came, drenching her vines. "Okay." They said as Eco opens Blade's pussy with her vines and Petal does the same with her own. Carefully, Eco and Ice slid their tails inside Blade and Petal's labias, despite the latters cumming so much.
They move around for anything that feels different about their insides. Despite Blade and Petal's climaxes, they kept their tails search for something. They move in deeper as they search. "Hm..." Eco hummed as she swished her tail for anything. "I can't seem to find anything... Ice, what's your status?" "Nothin out of the ordinary here." "Then let's go deeper. Sorry about this, girls." Eco said as she kissed Blade's cheek, to which she smiled. "That's okay~... E-E-Eco~! Petal and I are used to it... Aren't we, Petal~? Eep~!" Blade said,p inbetween her orgasms."Y-Yeah~. If you-Ngh~! Neet to, keep going.."
Eco and Ice nodded at each other and went in deeper until their tails are in their wombs. "Anythinnnng~?" they both ask already nearing another. The two herms ponder for a moment. "Hmmm~... *Sigh!* No." They said, causing the two ladies to groan and release their juices yet again. They made one more movement, but didn't find anything as they pull out. "Sorry girls... We tried." Ice muttered apologetically as Blade and Petal were panting but then got that itchy feeling again. "Aagh~! How can we actually feel itchy and cum this much!?" Blade moaned in exasperation, tired of climaxing al the time.
"I hope it doesn't last forever though." Petal hopes as she holds her slit. "Maybe you could... Sleep it off?" Nume asked, suggesting as she was playing with Dyna who was giggling at being slathered by her slime. "Yeah, maybe that could work." Blade said as she looks at Ice was wrapped around by Eco, playing with their shafts in front of them. "Yeah... Uh, Nume?" Petal agreed and called. The Goodra looks at the Meganium. "Yes, what is it?" "Could you... Maybe cover us in your slime? Just so Blade and I can get comfortable?" Petal blushed as she still held her pussy tightly. Nume lets go of Dyna and walk towards the two females, "If it'll help."
Nume wasted no time spreading her goo on Petal and Blade, Dyna helped as well. When they slather their sensitive parts like their clits and nipples, they came as usual. Soon they were completely covered in goo saved their faces unless they want it too. "Um... Our faces too please?" Blade asked. They nodded as they spreaded it all over their faces as well, leaving them completely covered in Nume's then lies on her back so Blade can get on top. Their breasts mashing, nipples docking and pussies kissing. They embraced so tight, Petal even get her vines out to tie them up nice and tight. They made a small climax afterwards.
They smile as they made a small climax, even if they are suffering, at least they are together. "Have a nice nap, girls~" Dyna assured before using Nuzzle on their pressed slits, sparking them a little making the couple yelped and came for the Raichu to drink their juices. "Dyna!" Nume scolded, giving her an annoyed look which made Dyna give a sheepish grin.
Petal blushes at the crowd, but noticed that Blade has a look of someone who is thinking. "What are you thinking about Blade?" "Well... How would you feel if you're... Like them having both..." Blade blushed as she tried to ask. "Oh you mean if we were herms? Well, I feel like it would be nice. I get to fuck your pussy all day~." Petal said smiling. Blade smiled at the thought of being fucked by Petal. "Well, I'd like to jerk-off and splatter ourselves with some semen~..." The Samurott said, though feeling embarrassed and wet at what she said.
"Of course... I like you to fuck me as well my sweet Bladey~." Petal said with a teasing smile. "Would you thrust in me if you could?" she gives her a pleading look. Blade smiled sweetly with tears of joy in her eyes and kissed her one and only in the lips. "As long as we sex inside each other, we'll feel the best, my darling flower~" She quietly declared, rubbing her pussy at Petal's. The two smiles as she kisses her mate on the lips as they soon feel tired from the late night. "Aw~... They're so cute, sleeping soundly and moaning~" Nume chimed before they had one last orgasm. "And... Cumming..." Ice then decided. "Maybe we should watch them, just in case?" They all agreed and sat down next to them.
Blade woke up from a warm feeling surrounding her lower body. She heard feminine giggling and felt something moist rubbing her entire body. Blade smiles from the feeling and relaxed a bit to enjoy it. When her sight looked clearer, she saw who it was massaging her with some kind of oil. It appearance was that of a Dewott. Who was massaging Blade's hips. And it was not just a Dewott, there was an Oshawott massaging Blade's pussy lips and finally another Samurott who was massaging Blade's breasts. All were using some kind of minty massaging oil on her.
"Uhh.. Who are you three?" Blade ask them. The other Samurott chuckled with a familiar voice. "Isn't it obvious~?" Surprising Blade. "Huh?" Blade asked not getting what she meant. The Dewott giggled, tickling Blade's clitoris. "I guess she doesn't recognize us~..." Then the Oshawott crawled up to Blade, nuzzling her nose with hers. "We're you, Bladey~!" The Oshawott chimed as she claimed, kissing Blade's cheek. "Whhat? M-me?" she asked them not believing this for a minute. The Oshawott giggled as she took her scalchop off. "Heheh, want proof~?" She then did some sort of Razor Shell technique around herself, causing the blue fur all over her to fly off of her, revealing her white naked body.
Blade blushes as she can tell she had the size of the chest when she was younger. "What do you think~?" The Oshawott asked as she showed off her nude body with sexy poses that include touching her boobs. "Not enough proof~? How about this then~?!" She then opened and showed Blade her pussy in front of her face. "Aahh..." Blade's face was blushing from the sight of the pink neithers in front of her. "O-Okay okay... I'm convinced now." Blade said, but the Oshawott did not believe in her when she pressed her pussy at Blade's nose.
"What are you doing? I said I'm convinced." "Just letting you take a whiff of me, Big Sis~" The Oshawott teased, rubbing her pussy at Blade's nose. Blade couldn't help but started sniffing at the small water type's folds. It was a freshwater scent and Blade smirked before licking the Oshawott's pussy slowly. "Oohh, I wanted you to smell, not lick~." The oshawott said, though she doesn't sound upset about it. Blade giggled until her Dewott-self picked her Oshawott-self up. "Alright ladies, back to work~" "Back to work?" Blade asked the dewott. "With your oil massage~" Blade's other Samurott-self said, pouring minty oil on Blade. She smiles at whats going on, but also wondered about something, "Have you two seen Petal? "Look over there~" Blade's clones pointed at one side.
(Meanwhile, at Petal's side.)
She was lying on her right side, eyes closed. She soon woke up and grumbled. She looked around to see where she was, But Petal also felt someone rub against her body. She sighed at the feeling. "Oh Blade~... you don't have to do that~." "Oh jeez, she really does dream dirty~..." A familiar voice was heard out. The voice of a young lady. Petal hums as she relaxed at the feeling. Another young voice spoke up. "Aw, come on you lazy bum, wake up~!" "Mmm... huh?" Petal then opened her eyes. And saw a Chikorita, Bayleef and another Meganium. "Whoa... uh who are you three?"
They all looked at her and giggled as they rubbed her massaging oil. "Answer please?" Petal asked. "We're you, Sis~" The Chikorita answered cheerfully. "Me? Sis?" Petal wondered but her thoughts were interrupted when the Chikorita pressed her open slit at her face! "Hey, What are you doing?" She muffled as a gasp escapes her mouth, but then she sniffed a familiar floral fragrance. 'What is this? She smells like... Me!' "But it can't be.." she muffled. "Is it~...? Don't I or should I say we smell nice~?" The Chikorita chimed, rubbing her pussy against Petal's face. "Well you do smell good." she said to her.
Petal then licks her, making the Chikorita gasp in pleasure. "Ohh~.. What's this?" the chikorita asked. "Mmm~..." Petal just swooned at how good her pussy was when she was young. The Bayleef walked around her older part, looking for anything to play with. She then noticed her pussy. As Petal was licking the chikorita's pussy, she felt a quick jolt of pleasure spiked out. It was her Bayleef counterpart. she was licking her pussy which was causing her to moan out in pleasure. "Mmm~ You taste even better fully-evolved~" Her Bayleef-self said, slurping. "Well.. You have a good tongue~.." Petal said moaning.
Her Chikorita and Bayleef counterparts smiled until they felt a vine around each of them pulling them up off of Petal. Petal's view came to see a Meganium using her vines to move each of them away. "What's going on?" Petal asked. "We're just gonna get back on getting you ready, right girls~?" The Meganium answered with the Chikorita and Bayleef sighing, "Yeah..." "Getting ready for what though?" She asked looking at them confused. The Meganium smirked and giggled before she settled the other two down and massaged Petal with the oil. "You'll see~"She blushes as she tries to comprehend the situation. 'It's a interesting dream of course.'
Petal then felt her pussy and nipples being massaged with the oil around her. As she felt this, she also felt something odd coming from her pussy. Blade felt it too and tries to put her paws at her own pussy but the other Samurott stopped her. "Something's weird going on with me." Blade said, trying to reach for her pussy. "Yeah, just let it happen, Blade~... Let it out~! Think of Petal in your entire life~!" The Samurott said to Blade. Blade blushes as she heard her mate's name and decided to go with it. "Petal~..." she said relaxing to the oil rubbing. She then moaned really loud, feeling something big coming out of her pussy and it wasn't an orgasm. She panted as she tried to recover and opened her eyes. Blade let out a long but quiet gasp.
(Meanwhile at Petal's side...)
Meganium was rubbing Petal's sides softly withe her vines with the other two were rubbing oil over petal. Petal squealed and giggled as her body felt aroused by multiple slippery touches all over her. After a little while, "Something's weird's happening." Petal sprouted some vines and reached towards her pussy. But they were grabbed a hold by the other Megnium's pair of vines. "Hey, something's wrong." Petal pointed out. "Quite the opposite, Petal~... Just think of all the good times you had with Blade~... Let whatever's happening to you, well, happen~!" The Meganium advised. "Blade~..." Hearing the name calms her a little as she lays on her side and let them continue.
Petal then gave out the loudest moan there is and felt something so big come out of her, it felt similar to an orgasm. She opened her eyes and looked at her loins. "Oh... My... Arceus...!" Petal gasped as she saw a long, hard, twitching pole-like thing between her legs. "Is... is that?" she asked unable to finish her question. Blade gasped, staring at something similar. "I... I-I have..." The two look at the counterparts who all have a smile on their faces. They then look at their lengths which they were able to identify as... "A COCK~!?" "Yep, you all do. " and the counterparts looked at the other counterparts. "And it looks like the other's awake."
"H-Huh!?" Blade and Petal asked what they were talking about until they noticed each other. "B-Blade?!" Petal asked. "P-Petal?! What are you doing here?" Blade asked as well and then notices her penis twitching. "A-And how did you grow a dick like mine!?" "I ought a ask you the same thing." she looks at Blade's own throbbing member. "On both occasions." While they were trying to understand their situations, the Oshawott and Chikorita squealed in awe as their small forms hugged Blade and Petal's penises like a boaster.
"Hey, what are you doing?" they asked the small counterparts. "Kyaah~! They're so warm~!" The little gals chimed as they hugged their members tight, nuzzling their cheeks at their lengths. Blade and Petal were shocked at this, but couldn't help but smile at the feeling. Ahh~...! They're so soft and hard~" The Chikorita sighed as she grinded her pussy against the stump of Petal's member while kissing her length. "Mmm~...! Really smooth and sensitive~" The Oshawott licked the tip of Blade's member while still using her small paws to rub around her length. "Augh~! H-Hey, girls~... Be gentle now~" Petal advised, blushing a deep red as she moaned and relaxed at the feeling.
"Y-Yeah~... Ooh~! That tickles~" Blade also said, feeling an intense crimson red on her cheeks as she felt like she could doze off in pleasure. The dewott moved to Blade's head and licked her neck. Bayleef moved and nuzzle Petal's side. "Haaahhh~..." Blade and Petal just moaned as their treatment was heavenly. The current evolution smiles as they look for what to play with. They then noticed Blade and Petal's nipples so they pinched, twisted and pulled them. "Hey... don't play with them like that~." The real one's moaned at the feeling. But no one listened and all of their replicas continued to play with them.
The squirm in their positions but smile and moan as they notice something pushing out the counterparts. They then discovered they have dicks of their own! "You as well?" they asked. They nodded and each species lifted them up. "What's going on?" Blade and Petal asked. The only answer they got was being thrown on a big double bed! "Oof!" They grunted from the impact. "Ow... That was rough~..." Blade groaned as she rubbed her butt. "What do you want now?"The other Samurott and Meganium answered by getting behind Blade and Petal, restraining their arms at their back and holding their legs spread-eagle with theirs. They were lying on the bed on their backs with Blade and Petal lying on their clones' boobs and torso as they held them.
The Samurott lifted blade up and placed her on top of petal face to face, who was on her back by the Meganium then they move back to the other clones. "You two should have your fun while we prepare~..." The water type said as they all rub their pussies, getting their cocks out. Petal looks up at Blade, "What you want to do?" "I wonder~..." Blade licked her lips, staring sexily at Petal's face and their noticed her mate's look and got confused. "Blade, what are you thinking about?"
End of Part 1.


Blade x Petal part 2

Blade x Petal part 2

* * *

The Meganium got her answer when the Samurott tackled her into a tight embrace, their nether regions touching and their faces looking in each other's eyes. Blade is on top of Petal who was on her back. "Hey... stop staring at me like that~..." Petal said pulling her head back in embarrassment. "Nah~! Wanted to see your cute face~" Blade said a familiar line from their first meeting before kissing her passionately. Petal moans out as she kisses back, remembering their first time. They then rubbed their pussies together as they make out with their tongues licking together for dominance.
Petal tries to push against Blades so she can enter her mouth. They kissed onward, petal lost in the lust she's feeling. Blade was lost in ecstasy too before lifting herself up a little. Petal noticed what was going on, "What are you doing?" "You'll see~..." Blade said, carefully lining their cocks and pussies until their tips were touching at their lips, ready for simultaneous penetration. "Ohhh~... you perverted sea lion~.." Petal said seductively. "Uh-huh~! Are you ready~?" Blade teased, tickling Petal's vaginal lips with the tip of her penis.
"Whenever you're ready~..." Petal winked. "Okay, on the count of three..." The Samurott winked, steadying herself. "One~..." Blade started. "Two~..." Petal continued, widening her legs while steadying her own dick at Blade's pussy. "THREE~!" They then plunged into each other's moist entrances quickly! Since it was their first time ever as herms, they moaned and squealed at the loudest and highest pitch in ecstasy yet! "HAH... HAAH... AAAAHHHH~!" Their bodies spasm from the feeling, feeling like their female parts already climaxed. But it wasn't as exhausting as their condition from reality.
They soon got used to their newfound feeling and panted, waiting to thrust in and out of each other. Petal surprised her by giving Blade's ass a smack with her vine. "Eee~! Not that~! I was just getting started with the greatest time of our lives~...!" She yelped at the whipping of ther butt cheeks having a red mark left behind. "I just wanted to hear you yelp out, and I can say it's so cute." Petal mews as she smiles. She then tickles the red marks she left on her buttocks with her vines. Which caused Blade to start giggling from the movements.
"Anyway~... Can we fuck now~?" Blade asks cutely. "Son of a... Yes~!" Petal realized they've wasted enough time teasing each other when they really should start fucking each other's brains out. With that, she started to thrust into Petal while she does the same to Blade. They both gasp and moan at how exhilarating it is! Petal wrap her vines around Blade and her and brought them together tightly. Their large breasts mash together like marshmallow soft pillows. "Hmm, I think mine's are bigger." petal said looking at them. "The breasts, butt or dick~?" Blade challenged about their private parts' sizes."My breast, though you're right about all three of mine being bigger~."
Blade became flustered, then smirked devilishly before thrusting into her mate roughly! "You better take that back, girlfriend~!" "Aah~! Never~!" Petal moaned as she is getting fucked silly. Blade smirked as she started to licked Petal's breast, fiercely. Petal squealed and giggled as her sensitive nipples were being licked. "Take it back~!" Blade repeated. Petal just shook her head as she opened Blade's anus with her vines. "Ngh~..." Blade blushed and moaned as she sees vines slipping into her. "N-No fair~...! We're fucking each other missionary and you're able to double penetrate me~!" The Samurott whined, sweating as they're feeling hotter from their sex. "Well that's the plus of being a grass type~." the Maganium did a raspberry at the water type.
Blade uses this opportunity to kiss and tongue wrestle her. Petal was shocked at this and tried to collect herself and fight back. But Blade just kept fucking her as the Samurott held in the kiss even when Petal's own cock was going in and out of Blade's pussy and when her vines invade the Samurott's butt-hole. Blade felt herself getting close, but got one way she can get Petal to take back what she said, so she started going a little slower. Petal was confused when she felt Blade going slow. 'Huh? What is Blade doing? I thought we were gonna cum...' The Meganium whined in her thoughts.
"I thought of spilling my cream in you, but I changed my mind." she said to her. Petal widened her eyes and made a puppy-dog pout. "No no, please! Don't stop! I want to cum with you~!" She begged. "I don't want to cum in someone who is dishonest about sizes." Blade humphs as she looks away. Petal whimpered and sniffled, looking as if she's gonna cry. "Although, I might change my mind if you took back what you said~..." Blade grins evilly at the grass type. "Yes! I'm sorry I boasted about my breasts, butt and member being bigger than yours! We have the same big size together~!" Petal apologized and hoped Blade will continue.
Blade smiles as she pecked her cheek. "I forgive you." she said as she started thrusting again. "Aah~! Thank you~!" Petal moaned, leaning her head back to relax her neck. She felt her climax coming, but tried to hold on until Petal was ready. The Megnium gritted her teeth, feeling close. "Bladey~... I'm gonna cum soon~!" "We'll do it together then flower girl~." The two moaned and squealed, feeling closer and closer until finally they can't take it anymore. "AAAHHH~! WE'RE CUMMING~! HAAAHHH~!"
They started filling each other with their respective cums as they released juices as well. Their cocks shot their seeds like volcanoes of white hot lava filling up their pussies which splashed out transparent creamy liquids washing their hard dicks. They continue this for a few moments before they finally let up. They panted but also twitched a few times, letting out a drop of cum each time they twitch. "That felt so good~..." Blade panted as she lay in Petal's neck. "Yeah~... Soo nice~..." Petal panted she felt smothered by Blade. They heard clapping from around them.
It was their herm clones. "That was quite a show you two put on~." The Dewott winked at the two. "Yeah, it got us all riled up." The Bayleef said their cocks hard. "So now it's time for our fun~..." The Meganium said. "And as a bonus, you two are joining in." The Samurott said as the clones advanced towards the two. "H-Hey! W-What're you-AAAHHH~!" Blade tried to asked but she was interrupted when her Samurott-self thrusted up in her anus. "It's our turn now~... Osha-Blade, you get on her crotch and Dew-Blade face-fucks her~" The Oshawott then lines herself at Blade's pussy, hugging her dick while the Dewott gets to Blade's face.
"Hey wait, don't we get a mmm." she was cut off as the Dewott places her cock in Blade's mouth. "Save your strength for your tongue to- Ah~... Lick around me~" The Dewott said as she held Balde's head and thrusted in her mouth. The Oshawott giggled as she embraced Blade's member and then inserted her own penis inside Blade's pussy. "Mmmph.." Blade moans as the Oshawott's member slides inside her. "Haah~...! My very own pussy-fuck~... Even though this is a dream~!" The Oshawott swooned as she fucks Blade and engulfed the tip of Blade's member in her mouth.
Then started licking it around inside and as she does both those things, she decided to increase the pleasure by rubbing her paws up and down Blade's length. Blade felt paralyzed in ecstasy as her crotch felt multiple pleasures. Petal blushes as she sees the Bayleef walking towards her pussy, her cock throbbing at Petal's hole. But the Chikorita got in the way and told her to, "Go do her face~!" Bayleef smiles as she wrapped her vine around the Chikorta and moved her to Petal's face. The Chikorita gave the Bayleef an annoyed stare but Petal has her vines out to fix that by having the Bayleef at her head and the Chikorita at her pussy.
The Bayleef looked at Petal with a confused look. "Nothing personal~ Just making sure I'm getting the same treatment as my girlfriend there~!" Petal pointed at Blade who was getting exhilarated by her three-way fucking plus blowjob. Bayleef smiles as her cock was the real one's face. "Well, open wide." Petal nodded and complied with a wide-open mouth. Petal moves forward until the tip was inside, licking it over. The Bayleef then moans as her dick gets licked. petal licks around the tip of the shaft in soft quicck laps. The Bayleef then starts thrusting into Petal's throat.
Petal can feel the thick cock in her mouth.' She also gagged a little. She went to breathing out her nose in response. The scent around her was a mix of minty oil and musky cum. Regardless, it smelled good. It caused her pussy to wetten as the arousal got to her. The Chikorita then inserted her hard if smaller member inside of Petal. Causing the Meganium to moan out around the Bayleef's cock in pleasure. "Ooh~... Want more, big sis~?" The Chikorita then licked her tongue around Petal's cock tip. "Mmm hmm." Petal hums with her full mouth.
The Chikortia smiled back at Petal and engulfed the top part of her penis with her mouth and rubbed her paws and vines around her length's sides. Petal moans at the wet and rubbing feeling. Becoming paralyzed as her cock felt like one big nerve between her legs. Meganium moved to Petal's breast as she started licking at it. Her neck was long enough to bend as she kept thrusting in Petal's butt-hole. Petal was shuddering from the duel penetration. She also muffled from the Bayleef's cock in her mouth. She started moving her vines to the Bayleef's and Meganium's pussy.
Both flinched as they felt them sling up into their labias. Petal giggles at their reaction, enjoying the surprised look. Back to Blade, she was getting fucked up silly by her clones. She was moaning loudly from the pleasure overwhelming her. "Mmph~!" Blade muffled, her eyes almost closed, signifying she's close to cumming. "Someone's close to cumming~." the oshawott singed out. "Well, better make sure Big Sis Blade's girlfriend feels the same~" The Dewott chimed, feeling close herself to feed Blade with her seed. "Yes. How's the flower girl coming along?" Samurott asked them.
The Meganium was moaning loud, feeling about let loose her cum in Petal's ass. "She's moaning real loud~...! She's almost there~!" "Let's all go at the same time." They agreed together. "Mmmaaauuuggghhh~!" Blade and Petal moaned really loud as their crotches and bodies twitched. They spray their seeds and juices out as their counterparts did the same. Oshawott and Chikorita came as well as they try to drink plenty of Blade and Petal's cum but it was too much so they pulled their mouths out ad coughed their seeds out. Blade and Petal's hard lengths spray their semen out like hot volcanic fountains, splattering everyone with their creamy white seeds.
Both of them and their counterparts pant as they tried to recover. They noticed their young and teen clones were sleeping, unconscious from their orgasm. "Well we never had a lot of energy when we were young." Blade commented. "Yeah..." Petal agreed when she and Blade felt themselves getting smothered by their adult clones! "Eep! What the-?" "We still got the stamina for it." Their adult clones said. "B-But... Nngh... Were so tired..." Blade protested with her dick feeling limp but their clones didn't care. "We'll just be more gentle." The Samurott said. "Yes, just relax while we do all the work in your pussies~..." The Meganium assured with her.
Their soothing tones relaxed them as they move over each of their respective selves. Blade and Petal reached and held hands as their clones start fucking them. They clones moved slowly and gently so that they would moan and pant. "P-Petal~...?" Blade stammered, feeling sexually deluded. "Hmm?" Petal looked at the water type, "What is it?" "I-I... L-Love you~..." Blade replied with her eyes shut in pleasure. Petal smiles, then winces at the pleasure shot through her. "I L-love... you too... Blade~.." she murred clones smirked and went faster.
Blade and Petal moaned fasted as they held on their clones for support. Their grip on each other's hands got tighter as they were about to cum one last time. "I'm... at my limits~..." Petal moans out as her body shakes. "M-Me too~...!" Blade moans and leaned her head at Petal. The Meganium smiles and rubs the Samurott's head before they moaned together. They soon came with their clones, feeling their hot white seed gushing into their labias. Then everything went white. The whiteness kept up for some time before they started opening their eyes again.
They were back in reality and it was morning. Blade yawned and shaked her head, "Boy that was a amazing dream~." She then notices their herm friends staring T something. Blade and Petal looked at them, "What's the matter?" Eco pointed at their crotches with her tail. Blade and Petal looked confused as they looked downward. As they look down at between their legs, they were surprised to find two thick, long, hard members above their pussies, twitching and throbbing. "Wait, we're still not dreaming right?" Blade asked shocked. "Well... Our clones aren't here now, are they?" Petal said, staring at their very own members. "Yeah, but how you explain us having cocks?" Blade pointed out. "W-Well... I-I don't... Know." Petal replied, having no clue at all.
They touch it to see that it was real until another voice spoke out. "It's what Nume and I had gone through once." It was Ice who came near the two. The two turn to the dragon and ice pair. "So you two remember then?" They nodded and explained how they got their dicks. "Me and Nume recently evolved into our final forms and we were exploring a nearby cave..." Ice started. "And then we found two heart-shaped gems, one blue and one red." Nume explained with her. "We both wanted to surprise the other of what we found..." Ice paused a bit to blush. "So we did via tribadism~..." Nume said, blushing and touching her penis. "We pushed our stones in each others bodies when when got home."
"Our vaginas then became real itchy and we thought we could sexually comfort each other." "It took a long while and we couldn't do much but eat, drink, and fuck." Ice said, embarrassed. "So we decided to sleep it off." Nume said, being embarrassed herself. "And we had such a weird dream." Ice said looking at the newly herms. "There were us as previous evolutions and they were massaging us with mint oil." Nume said. "Mint oil too? I thought that was just us since we use those kinds." Blade pointed out. "Let's just say, they like to make our bodies feel cool to warm us up~" Ice stated, though it made no sense. "Uh... just continue the story." Blade said.
"Well, our members then start erecting as they massaged us." Ice explained more. Then they started playing with our cocks, butt, and mouth." Nume said next. "Until they have us fuck each other." Ice stated bashfully. "We both penetrated each other at the same time." Nume shudders as she remembers. "Then we fuck each other's brains out until we came hard~" Ice said, remembering that time. "We passed out after that." Nume said. "And then we woke up with real members grown from our clits." Ice finished. "We were shocked about this so we looked up information on heart shaped jewels." Nume stated.
"Which we surprisingly have a book about them~... Don't ask how we got them, by the way." The Goodra explained. "So what you found out?" Petal asked. "That those jewels came from some heart-shaped star." Ice explained. The two looked at Ice and Nume in awe. They then looked back at their new dicks which, Dyna grabbed Petal's and Eco grabbed Blade's with her tail. "When two pokemon who love each other very much, give the other a heart shaped jewel from within their bodies, the magical energy flows through them and shapes what you two have right now." Nume said with a smile.
"I see, but what would the effects be on... Males?" Eco asked, still stroking Blade's dick. "That's a good question..." Nume said, feeling Ice rubbed along her thighs. "But... We wouldn't want to know..." The Shiny Aurorus suggested. "If I had to guess, the males would get pussies." Nume offered. Blade and Eco just shrugged, not wanting to know where the jewel have to be placed in the males. "If we put them in our pussies, then males have to go for the cocks." Nume said thinking about it. "Let's... Just drop the subject, okay?" Petal suggested while she's giving Dyna an oral with her vines. "But the jewel is quite big... I wonder how would it feel inside?"
Ice sighs in annoyance and pushes Nume to lie down on her back. "Huh?" The goo dragon gasped when she found herself on the ground over the ice dino. "Payback for being dominant on me yesterday~!" Ice chimed before pushing herself in Nume! "Ahhh~... S-so cold~..." Nume shivers as the Aurous's long cold dick enters her pussy. "Wait 'til you get my cum~" Ice said before thrusting inside quick and rough. Nume moans out in bliss, "But... Ah~! don't say that Ahhh~... you don't ooo~.. like it when Ahh~... you're submissive. You moan sweetly ohh~!..all the time-Ahh! when I thrust Ooh~... in you~..."
"Elementary, my dear Nume~... Don't you know Dragon-types are weak against Ice-types~?" The Shiny Aurorus teased, rubbing her cold scales on the Shiny Goodra's slimy ones. "Th-that only a-applies for b-battle." Nume said through stuttering words. "I was just holding back yesterday until I've the right moment~" Ice explained her submission yesterday. "Wh-what are you talking about?" Nume asked. "I let myself be submissive to you for fun~ Besides, you deserved se dominance on me since our first time~" "That's not true." Nume shakes her head. "You wouldn't let yourself this far."
Ice grinned at the goo dragon. "Oh, would I now~?" She asked before going harder and faster, making the Shiny Goodra squeal loud. "Gahhh~!" Nume moaned out, trying to move from her, but Ice's grip felt quite tight for her to move. Even her body got too cold to move. "Ahh... hah... too cold... to move..." Nume panted hotly from the cold and pleasure. Nume couldn't help but submit to the Ivy dinosaur and moan, sticking her tongue out. "All right, you should dominate me as much as you desire~." Nume said blushing as she smile. Ice smirked, "I thought so~!" And thrusts into her hard~!
Dyna moved off of Petal's new cock drooling from her saliva. Petal gasped and giggled as Dyna's tongue felt a little bit electrical. "Eep~! T-That tickles a lot~..." Her member twitching from the sensation. "If you think that's good..." She climbs over Petal, her pussy at petal's tip. "Then you'll like this even better~..." "No... You aren't~!" Petal joked as she knew what was next. Dyna smiles as she starts to push downward. Dyna have out a loud moan as she has her pussy engulf Petal's new dick. So.. tight." Petal grunted as the Raichu's snatch takes in the member. "Yeah~... Hngh~...! Ngh~! You're so hard~!" Dyna squealed as her labia felt gagged up.
Dyna took the moment to catch her breath, before lowering herself up and down Petal's length. Petal even held Dyna's paws with her vines to help her with their straight sex. Dyna generated a little electricity in her body, not enough to hurt, but to give tiny jolts through her body. Petal shivered and gasps at the electricity running on her member from Dyna's pussy. "Aww, my pussy that good to you?" Dyna asked smirking. "It feels... Quite shocking~! Fuah~!" Petal moaned as she felt slightly electrocuted.
Dyna smiles and placed her paws on Petal's tits and jolted them with little electricity. Petal squealed in ecstasy as she feels her nipples being tickled by the shock. "Don't think you're the only one who has surprises~..." Petal moaned slipping some vines behind the Raichu. One went into Dyna's asshole. And the other went into her pussy, which Dyna moan from the intrusion. "Ack~! H-Hey, how're you able to slip a vine inside my pussy if I'm already penetrated?!" Dyna asked for an explanation. "My vine's are slim enough to slip past your walls." Petal said."Y-Yeah~? Well~..." Dyna spoke up before thrusting the if-blunt tip of her tail in Petal's pussy.
"Ahh, touche Sparky~!" Petal teases Dyna. The Raichu smirked deviously as she picked the Meganium's pussy with her tail and it pricks around the labia with its electro jolts. N-not so fast~..." Petal started to rub Dyna's insides with her vines as she thrust up and down. Dyna moaned as her member twitched and she rubbed it with her paws. "Oh, about to cum Dyna~?" Petal asked teasingly. "No..." Dyna protested.
(Meanwhile with Blade and Eco.)
Blade was having a little playful bout with the serperior, trying to get on top of her to pin her down, but Eco had the Samurott pinned on her back and coiled around her body, also using her vines to restrain her limbs. Blade still struggled as Eco looked at the Samurott with a teasing smile. "It's not over yet~..." Blade called out. "What~, I've got your entire body tied up~! What can you possibly do~?" Eco teased, tightening her grip on Blade. Blade groaned at the constriction, while it didn't hurt, it does make her feel snug in her grip. "I can do this." Blade uses her tail to rub Eco's folds.
Eco gasped and extends her vines a bit more to wrap around Blade's member. Which caused Blade to moan out in as well, she move to lick the grass type's neck. Eco giggled and kisses her in the lips. Blade smiled and relaxed her body as she kisses Eco back. "Mmm~..." They muffled out as they wrestled their tongues together. Blade felt to soft texture of Eco's tongue as they grind their bodies together. As they felt this pleasure of rubbing each other's bodies, Eco starts to loosen her grip on Blade. Blade felt confilcted, she can get the upper hand on Eco, but the snake's body felt so good around her, she ought to just relaxed and let Eco continue.
Eco noticed this and has an idea so she unwraps herself around Blade so the Serperior could lay herself down on her back. "Huh, What are you doing?" Blade looks at her. "I kinda realized it's more relaxing for a snake to lay down straight~..." Eco winked at Blade, all the while erecting her own member out. Blade giggled at the scene, "Well if you insist..." Blade walked until she was over Eco. The Samurott got on top of her, mashing their large tits together. "They look so cute." Blade said pressing them down on each other.
Eco giggled and pressed a few areas of their breasts with her vines, noting their soft plushness. "They feel like dough don't they?" Blade giggled and docked their titties together, tickling their nipples together. Eco smiled and slided her cock near blade's hole, pondering what to do about which one... "Just take my pussy, Eco~... You can use your tail in my ass~!" Blade suggested, rubbing her cock on the Serperior. "Okay then." Eco started pushing into Blade's pussy, getting a moan from both of them, "And which one will you take?" "Your pussy~!" Blade answered as she gripped her own penis for a few seconds, grunting at how tight she held her own dick. "Well... ready when you are~..." Eco wait patently.
Blade smiled and let go of her dick before entering Eco's labia. "Ahhh...' Eco moaned at the penetration. She then inserts her tail inside Blade's butt-hole~! Blade shudders as the tail thickens as more of it enters her. 'Ugh~... It feels like my anus is getting stretched wider~!" Blade thought hornily. "Well you're getting tail fuck in the ass." Eco teases. 'Oh Arceus~! She read my mind~!' Blade thought in her head. "Heh, I got the same face when I done this with Dyna, so I know what you were thinking." Eco explained. 'What are the odds?' Blade just muttered in her thoughts.
Eco started to go faster inside Blade's pussy. Blade moaned and thrusted her back. "Wow, you're so passionate~. I can see why Petal's into you~." Eco moaned out licking Blade's breast. "T-Thanks~! I'm really big now, am I~?" Blade moaned, still thrusting in her. "What you're body or your breast~?" Eco asked. "My dick~!" She pointed out, thrusting in faster. "Ohhh~..." she moans out as she said, "It's big all right~." "Well, so is yours, Eco~!" Blade said, her pussy practically sucking the Serperior's cock. Eco drove her tail and cock in deeper and faster, getting close to blow.
Hearing her deep and fast panting, Blade can tell as she felt her own orgasm coming. "I-I'm about to let loose~!" "Well no need to hold back now~." Eco growled in lust going faster. "I-I m-mean... Everyone is~..." The Serperior licked her lips before finishing. "T-To blow their load~...!" Blade looked to see everyone's increasing their paces, showing they're ready to blow. "Well~... May as well count down~...!" The Samurott then suggested. "10...9...8~... Petal and Byna started. "7... 6... 5~..." Ice and Nume continued... "4...3...2~..." Blade and Eco added...
"ONE~!" Everyone shouted as they all came, screaming in sheer ecstasy as if they've entered a dream of blissful release~! Their simultaneous climax was powerfull each filling each other's womb to the brink. It felt like a warm sweet liquid filling them up until they were bloated. The herms who were on top of the other fell down to the side, panting from their strength leaving them. They all embraced each other in a group hug, lying down. Though it was a bit rough hugging altogether. "I had a good amount of orgasms before, but none like this." Nume pointed out. "Yes~... It was grand~!" Ice agreed, moaning.
"Same to me, that was exhilarating." the Raichu panted out. "You said it~!" Eco sighed. Blade giggled as Petal's head nuzzles her, "Look like we we were able to get the taste of both worlds~." The grass type said. "Girls~... I love you all~! Especially you, Petal~" Blade kissed Petal and they all went to sleep.


M eevee x f eeveeolutions Part 1

M eevee x f eeveeolutions
A eevee was attacked and nearly killed by a spinarak until some female eeveeolutions came to rescue him. Part 1

* * *

A Eevee was walking through some forest looking for some food for him today. He had been running low on food as of late, and hoped to find his favorite kind, Yache berries. He checked around each bushes and on the ground for Yache or any berries he can find. He found a few different berries, but he felt as if he was being followed. The Eevee looks around to find anyone around him. He doesn't see anything, but he knows someone's around "If you're there, where are you?" He heard some indecipherable whispering, before he felt something touch the back of his neck.
He look upwards as he felt it in response. Above him, in the trees, was a Spinarak. He moves back as the small spider landed in front of him. He was confused on why it's behaving like this. "What are you doing here?" The eevee stepped away and responded, "Just looking around and finding ripe berries." he said. "What about you?" the normal type ask. The poison spider replied angrily, "This is my territory," it stated The Eevee looks at him with worried, "I'm sorry about that, I'll be leaving." The Spinarak's eyes all narrowed down before speaking again, "Who said you would leave, alive?"
"What?!" he cried out, getting afraid. "Prey is rare here, so I eliminate any who enter my territory and use them as food." As the spinarak said this, he was unaware of 3 pokemon spotting the scene from a distance, but stayed out of sight.
Eevee was terrified, but then look at something at the distance. "What is that?" he ask his eyes widening. The spinarak ignored it and tied the Eevee up in a stringshot. "Ack!" he cried out. He hoped he fell for it so he can run. The spinarak then slowly drained away eevee's HP using leech life. "Please.. stop." he begs him, feeling himself getting weaker from it. As he began to pass out, the last thing he saw before blacking out was a bright flash of red, then nothing.
The eevee then begin opening his eyes once again. As he woke up, he saw he was being watched by... A Jolteon, Flareon, and a vaporeon. He shakes his head as he stares at the three eeveevolutions. It took him a moment to regain his memories on the spinarak attacking him, "w-what happened?" He asked. "You were attacked by that spinarak from earlier, we came across you two and saw it attacked you. We intervene before it was too late." Flareon said.
The eevee tried to get up, but simply stumbled and fell back down, a bit annoyed he couldn't walk. "Easy now, you still need to rest a bit to recover your strength." Vaporeon said rubbing his head with her tail. The eevee just nodded and laid down, bored and unable to do anything else. The normal type couldn't help but wonder, "Why did you three save me though? I don't have anything to give you." he explained. The Jolteon smirked and replied "we'll think of something" she said.
The eevee looks at her for a moment, "Okay, let me know when you have a answer." he said laying down. The 3 smiled, "You'll need some rest, we'll leave you be." they stated, deciding to wait at least until he could move around again. "Thank you again." he said as he lays his head down and close his eyes.
A few hours later he woke up, trying to get up, he could move, but he still wasn't fully healed so he had to limp around. He noticed that his makeshift basket was still in there and it still had the berries he picked inside of it. "There it is, maybe I can give them some berries as a way of saying thank you." he said as he picks the basket up. He feels his stomach grumble and decides that he should probably eat a couple, so he pulls out a sitrus berry and eats it, liking it's peach-like flavor. As he ate it, he feels some of his strength returning to his body from the sitrus berry's healing properties.
He then decides to look around for his saviors, wondering what they came up with on how he could repay them. He looks around carefully, hoping not to encounter that spinarak again. As he looks, he heard words nearby. He heard the Vaporeon speaking, "so how will we decide who gets that guy first?" She was asking the other two. "I don't know. He's pretty cute, but I don't want to sound selfish to you girls." Jolteon said next. The Flareon sounded a bit more, proud? Confident? Then the others, "I mean, I did kind of save his life, even if we don't know his name yet." she stated. "Maybe when we find him again, we can introduce ourselves and explain what we want?" Vaporeon offered.
The other two agreed, before heading out, but Jolteon heard a bush rustling. "Who's there?" she calls out to whoever's around. The Eevee stays quiet and hopes they think it's just the wind, but to no avail. The Vaporeon moves the bush and finds him. "It's you?" she ask, not sounding angry. The Eevee just looked away and responded, "I wanted to find you three and see if you all decided how I should repay you all for saving my life." "Well, we decided on a way for you to repay us." Jolteon said with a smile.
Eevee looked back at her with a questioning look, "Hm? What'd you all think of?" He asked. The Flareon look at the others who all nods their heads, then she turns to the Eevee. "We decided," she began, "that the best way for you to repay us is to help us with a little problem we've been having lately." evee looks at the three of them. "What's the problem?" he ask them with concern. Flareon just giggled before saying, "Follow me, you'll find out soon enough." Eevee follow the three females to whatever they are leading him.
While he follows he started looking around at all the flowers blooming, then he realised something, it's spring, A.K.A heat season. He turns his attention to the females, "Excuse me, is the way of payment involves mating?" The three just looked at him and smiled, before Vaporeon spoke, "We got us a smart one girls, he knows what's gonna happen." she spoke, stopping and walking up to be face to face with Eevee. He blushes at the closeness of them, but doesn't move away, "I had a feeling since it was spring." he said to them.
They giggled before Vaporeon closes in and kisses him, her cheeks turning bright red. He blushes as well, but kisses her back with affection. The other two just smirk before teasing him, "Seems like somebody's liking how he's repaying us." The Eevee blushes from the teasing they're giving him. He just continues kissing the water type. The two decide they want in on it, so they walked up to him while he was still kissing Vaporeon, Flareon nibbled his neck whilst Jolteon licked the side of his face. The Eevee moans a bit as he moves back a bit, then turn his attention to Jolteon and kiss her now.
Vaporeon took over on what Jolteon was doing, except almost completely soaking the left side of Eevee's face as she was a water type. He giggled at the feeling. "Now you got my ear soaked." he giggles at the water type. She gave a sultry grin before whispering in his ear, "that's not the only thing that's soaked," before nibbling the tip of his ear. "What else is soaked?" he ask. She grinned and whispered, "all three of us," in his ear. He blushes at the words as the Jolteon took his face and went back to kissing him again. Flareon then took his left paw and began to lick it, which he assumes she has a sort of thing for paws. He shivers from the licking as he continues the feeling.
Eevee and Jolteon pull back for a second to regain their breath before going back to it, as he felt something growing down at his crotch. Flareon moves in to his face and starts to kiss him as well, their tongues mixing in. Vaporeon decided to get into the fun as well, she decided that the best course of action was to get under Eevee and lick his erect cock up and down, eliciting a moan of pleasure from him. 'Ohh, it feels good.' he though as he pushes his tongue into Flareon's Eevee, Jolteon and Flareon were battling tongues, Vaporeon started sucking him, the primal, basic instincts since the beginning of time began to kick in, and that instinct, was sex.
They started getting more wild with their actions as lust and desire starts to buld within them. Eevee then began thrusting into Vaporeon's mouth, whilst he brought his paws around to Flareon and Jolteon's asses, rubbing their ass cheeks, causing them to moan out into the kiss. He smiles at the wetness of the water types mouth, he began to squeeze their asscheeks in response to the sucking. For a while they stayed doing the same, until Eevee felt a pressure building up. 'I'm going to cum.' he thought as he increased his thrusting.
After a few more seconds he sprayed into Vaporeon's mouth, before she pulled back and it completely covered her face, Eevee didn't want to admit it but before this, he was a virgin. He blushes as he looks at the water type's sprayed face. "I'm sorry about that." he shrinks low. She just smiles before walking over to Flareon, pressing her lips against Flareon's, so she could get a taste of Eevee's seed. Flareon moans at the taste as jolteon moves towards Vaporeon. She smiles as she kisses her next, spreading his taste around. Eevee just blushed as he stared at what was happening, but he doubted they were done yet.
His twiching shaft still showed signs of wanting more. "So what will happen next?" Flareon got close to him before whispering in his ear, "One by one, you will fuck all of us." she said with a smirk, licking and nibbling his ear after she finished. He shudders from her tone of voice and warm tongue. "So how will you decide this?" Eevee thought for a second before asking one simple questions, "A-are any of you... Virgins..?" He three looked confused at the moment, before Vaporeon ask. "Are you a virgin?"Eevee just looked away and nodded.
The three looked surprised at the answer but they nodded, "Well since it's your first time, you get to decide who you like to take each time." Flareon stated to him. Eevee nodded before thinking it over 'Flareon's cute, but Jolteon is so damn sexy, Vaporeon had a turn with me already so she'll be last.' he thought. "I'll like to have Jolteon first." he tells them looking at the electric type. She smirks before walking up to Eevee, the sun was starting to set in the horizon, she then got onto her back, spreading her legs for Eevee to see how wet she was."How long have you been wet?" he ask as he approaches her.
She panted slightly, "Ever since heat season started three weeks ago," she said, wanting to feel him inside her. He nods as he move his face near her folds, taking a long lick at her lips.
The action causes her to moan out, loving the feeling of something other than her paw going against her. He smiles as he pushes his tongue pushes against her pussy lips. She gasps for a second before moaning and pushing his head into her. He felt his face pressed against her pussy as he murrs from the taste of Jolteon's pussy. Not long after, he pulls his head away, much to her dismay, before pressing his erection against her soaked pussy lips.
He presses his tip against her entrance, smiling as he looks at her blushing smiling face. He kisses her, slowly pressing his cock into her, he looks up towards the other two, and what he saw, was the two of them rubbing themselves watching him. He blushes at the sight as he continues to enter jolteon's pussy. She moaned beneath him, loving the feeling and relief, as she started meeting his thrusts at the middle point, forcing him deeper into her. He shudders from the feeling as he moves back and forth, meeting her pushes as he goes as deep as he can in her.
After a few minutes of this his thrusting got faster, indicating that he was close. "Almost there..." Jolteon said, feeling warmth building in her body. After about 20 more seconds, Eevee couldn't hold it any longer and sprayed into her, which caused her to go over the edge and reach her climax as well. Both shudder from the feeling as Jolteon smiles as she gives the Eevee a sweet kiss. He smiles as they kiss before pulling out, Jolteon was leaking out some of his seed, and he says, "Flareon, your next," this caused her to smile and stumble over to him, she had almost made herself climax using her paw earlier.
He smiles as he nuzzles her head, "So warm your fur is." he whispers as she nuzzle back. The nuzzling quickly ended, with Flareon turning around and raising her tail for him to see her pussy. He smiles as he moves to her pussy and started licking her pussy like he did with Jolteon. This time however, he didn't lick very long, but instead, after a few licks, he pressed his face against her asshole, licking that instead, slowly managing his tongue into her. Flareon gasp at the surprising feeling of her ass getting licked.
He then pulled away after a bit, then pressing himself into her pussy, and pressing his right paw against and pushing into her asshole, effectively fisting and fucking her at the same time. "Ahh!" Flareon moans from the new sensation she hadn't felt before. "Ohh, feels so good." she said her tongue laying out. Whilst filling both her holes, he pulled his head towards hers and began licking up and down on her neck. "You're much warmer inside than you are out." he tells her as he licks. She shuddered at what he told her, as she felt her climax coming. "Well I am a fire type so of course I be a lot warmer than normal." she tells him this.
He chuckles before thrusting faster and harder, and pushing his paw in elbow deep. Flareon moans out in pleasure as she climax around his cock. Her walls squeezing him sent him over the edge, spraying inside of Flareon's now limp body, "your turn Vaporeon," he said, leaving the other two laying down on the ground, panting, as he walked over to her.
The water type smiles as she nuzzles his cheek, the she started to push him gently until he was on his back. His throbbing cock pointing in the air. She began rubbing him slowly with her tail. He shudders as she turns her body around, pressing her pussy and ass over his head. He grabs her and begins pressing his face against her. She moans from the pleasure as he licks her pussy with his skilled tongue. She decides to start sucking his hard shaft, knowing that it was currently a little one-sided. He licks it a bit and then move to Vaporeon's ass, licking around the hole. She moans out, grinding herself against his face.
After that, Vaporeon lifts herself off of his face. She looked Eevee right in the eyes, a dominant smile creeping on to her face. "W-what's with that smile for?" he ask shrinking back from it. She chuckled before responding, "I have you right under me, and I won't stop until both my holes are filled to the brim." "Both your holes?" he ask confused at what she means. "I want you... To completely fill my ass and pussy... With your sweet sticky cum." She said, growling lowly. Eevee shudders from the low growl, but can't do much in his position. To be honest, he doesn't want to do anything to get out of the position.
Eevee lifts a paw up to her cheek before speaking, "Ready when you are." Vaporeon smiles wider as she wonders what hole to stuff it in first. Eevee pulled her face down to his, grabbing her into a deep kiss. Vaporeon was surprised at the suddenness, but moaned in his kiss as she moves so her pussy is over his tip. Eevee slowly pushed into her, loving the feeling and moaning into her mouth. Veporeon shivers as her pussy envelopes over his cock. Eevee loved the feeling, as her insides were more moist than the other two's. "Well I am a water type so that's to expect." she said as she knows that look.
He smiled before bringing a paw up and slapping her ass, eliciting a yelp from her. "Oooh, I like your bold side." she whispers seductively. He just kissed her again, slapping her ass every few seconds. She smiles as she lifts herself up and down, moaning whenever she gets slapped. Eevee marveled at the sight of Vaporeon. Loving ho she felt. She wiggle her hips side to side when she's on his shaft, spurring him onward. He felt himself getting close, so he began to thrusting harder and faster. Vaporeon shivers and make out with him harder.
Eevee couldn't hold it any longer, and in one final thrust he pressed in as far as possible before cunning inside of her. She felt the normal type seed painted her insides white as she wait for him to finished. His cum, combined with her own, overflowed her, leaking on to Eevee. Vaporeon giggles as she lifts on top of her, her pussy leaking a bit of their cum. She then moves up, grinding herself against him until his erection was back. "Okay, I'm ready again." He pushed himself into her ass, loving how tight her ass was. He moans in pleasure as she started to lower down as well. As their hips met, Eevee began to feel... strange, that's when he noticed he started glowing white, he was evolving!


M Sylveon x F eeveeolutions part 2

M Sylveon x F eeveeolutions part 2

* * *

His body lengthens as long thin appendages started growing at his face. He began to feel different, almost as if he had extra limbs. He opens his eyes to have ribbon like appendages around his face and his body is now long and pink. He questions his girl-esque look mentally before looking up at Vaporeon, and it seemed her eyes were watering in... joy? "Wh-why are you crying?" Sylveon ask Vaporeon in concern. She smiled before responding, "You didn't know? Eevee's can only evolve into Sylveon through love!" She exclaimed, kissing Sylveon on the lips. Sylveon blushes from the sudden kiss, totally confused at what just happened.
He pushes her away for a moment, as she whines in disappointment that the kiss ended so soon, before he asked, "What exactly do you mean? Like please explain it simpler." he tells her. Vaporeon gave an understanding nod before explaining, "Eevee have many different evolutions, because of the apparent love you felt for us, it caused you to evolve into a Sylveon." He smiles at the words, but then saddens moments later. Vaporeon notices his sad expression," hey, you alright?" She asked. "It's nice an all but... Look at me." he gestures to his new body now.
Vaporeon gave him a questioning look, "What's so bad? I think it's cute!" She giggled. "l look girly, guys aren't suppose to be girly!" he explained. Vaporeon just sighed, "I don't care what you look like, I just like that personality of yours!" Sylveon blushes at her words, "D-Do you really mean that?" he ask. Vaporeon giggles, "Yep, and your cock is longer now, so that's a bonus." She nuzzled her cheek against his. Sylveon blushes deeply as he had a warm smile, he relaxes his arms so he's not pushing anymore.
Vaporeon lifted her ass up before slamming it back down, this was repeated a few times until Sylveon felt somebody watching them. Sylveon looked around in a effort to find anyone watching them. They heard a couple of ever so familiar voices by them, "Now this is interesting," they said in unison. "Yes, it is so." they said as Sylveon felt Vaporeon turning his head towards her face. Flareon and Jolteon looked at each other, grins appearing on their faces. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Jolteon ask Flareon. "Pretty sure..." Flareon agreed before planting her crotch onto Sylveon's face.
Sylveon moans in pleasure as he felt the fire type's warm pussy at his face. Not wanting to be left out, Jolteon took his head ribbons and rubbed them against her still wet pussy. Sylveon moaned into Flareon's pussy from Vaporeon's bouncing, he starts to lick the fire type while trying to thrust up in the water type. As he thrusted into Vaporeon, he felt pleasure in another part of him, one he didn't remember having as an Eevee. 'What is this feeline?' he ask himself as the pleasure flows. He moved his left paw to find out where the pleasure was coming from, he felt Jolteon's leg before moving his paw around to feel what was causing the pleasure.
He felt left and right to find out what it was. He at last felt what he was looking for, the ribbons attached to his head, which once he touched them, he lightly groaned from how it felt. "My ribbon's are sensitive." he said as he moans. It was slightly muffled by Flareon's body, but Jolteon still managed to understand what he said. "You feel through these?" Sylveon gave a muffled "yes, they're very... sensitive," as response. Jolteon smiles at the answer. She grabs one ribbon and slowly licks it, causing Sylveon to moan. Flareon starts to grind her ass in Sylveon's face.
Vaporeon was pounding faster then before, wanting to apparently milk every last drop out of Sylveon's cock. The fairy type moans as he licks harder, getting close. Jolteon, wondering if the ribbons sprayed anything, went back to rubbing both against her pussy. The squeezing feeling of her cock, and the rubbing of your ribbons was too much and you moan into Flareon's pussy spraying your seed into Vaporeon's ass. Vaporeon loved the feeling, which sent her into a climax as well. Flareon moans out as well as she climax herself. Jolteon just stopped, slightly annoyed she couldn't reach climax fast enough.
Sylveon noticed this and started to move his ribbons so they're at her pussy and went in. Jolteon let out a surprised yelp before laying on the ground, enjoying the feeling. "Wasn't gonna leave you alone Sparky." Jolteon blushed at the nickname, and quickly came to her climax before Sylveon pulled his ribbons away. All four of them lay down, panting from the long round of sex. Sylveon smiled, happy he finally found others that liked him, right? "Um, hey... What's gonna happen next?" he had to ask them.
Jolteon was the first to respond, "well I'm making sure to keep you around..." "I like it if you stay with us." Vaporeon added next. "I'm not letting you leave us anytime soon," Flareon said with a low growl. Sylveon smiles at the three, "So I guess we are all mates huh?" They all agreed, before starting to fall asleep.
(The Next morning.)
Sylveon was the first to wake up as morning comes. He looked around, seeing that Jolteon was already awake, rubbing his chest sensually. "Morning, hope you doing well?" he ask her with a smile. Jolteon gave a little giggle, "Yep, we need to be well rested if we're gonna have you fuck us again today." "You can't be ready after yesterday." he stated lookung her over. Jolteon licked her lips, "don't care, fuck me!" He smiles, "Can you get on fours?" Jolteon slightly stumbled getting up, but she got onto all four feet, lowering her head and raising her ass for him to see.
He smiles at the view as he got up and gave her a lick. Jolteon gave a low moan, loving the fairy type's tongue. Sylveon murrs at the taste and started to lick her pussy more, slipping his tongue inside. This caused Jolteon to moan out in pleasure, the two unaware that just out of view, an umbreon was watching them, rubbing her own slit watching them go at it, again. The dark type smiles at the scene moaning out low so not to hear them. However, what she didn't know, was that directly behind her, closing in, was a clone of Sylveon, as he still knew double team. "I always enjoy watching a show like this." Umbreon murrs out.
The Sylveon clone brought his mouth up to her ear without being detected, before whispering in, "You enjoy being a pervert?" Making her freeze. "Yahh!" she leapt upward out of her hiding place. Sylveon, his clone, and Jolteon all looked over at the now exposed Umbreon, while Flareon and Vaporeon were still asleep. Umbreon look at the clone than the real one and Jolteon. "Oh uh... hello?" Sylveon chuckled, " it appears we have an... audience. "Uh... I was just... passing by." she said to the two. Sylveon just shook his head, "Don't lie, I can smell your arousal from here..." "Uh... that strong?" she ask blushing. "Yep, and I doubt we're going to let you just waltz on away like nothing happened." Sylveon said, starting to smile.
Umbreon blushes in embarrassment, but can't help but smile at his words, "Well what can I do?" Sylveon smirked, "First off, get over here." Umbreon got up and headed towards the fairy type. Sylveon then proceeded to wrap one paw around her neck, and in one swift movement, shove her faced into Jolteon's Pussy, causing both of them to jump at the sudden movement. Umbreon blush at the closeness of Jolteon's pink folds. Sylveon then proceeded to whisper into Umbreon's ear, "You're going to eat her out until I say you can stop, understand?" He said, growing dominant. Umbreon shudders from his tone, "I understand." she then proceeded to lick her.
Sylveon then proceeded to walk around to come face to face with Jolteon, kissing her quickly before getting on his hind paws and pressing his cock against her mouth, slowly entering her. Jolteon murrs from the taste and started to bob back and forth. A few moments later, Flare on woke up, hearing a wet slurping noise, Sylveon's moans of pleasure, and Jolteon's muffled moans. Her head turned to the scene unfolding in front of her. Not 10 feet away, an Umbreon was licking Jolteon's pussy whilst Jolteon was being throatfucked by Sylveon. She smiles as Flareon rolled onto her belly and watch the scene unfold.
She began rubbing herself, Sylveon not noticing her there. He was busy pumping the electric types mouth with his long shaft. One question remained in Flareon's mind still, 'Who is this Umbreon?' Said dark type licked at the sweet juices of Jolteon, who moaned around Sylveon's shaft. After a few more minutes of this, Sylveon felt his edge coming close, ready to cum into Jolteon's mouth. "Get ready for your cream." he warned. Jolteon moaned in response, wanting him, no, NEEDING him to unload down her throat. She started to bob faster and harder for him.
As he came, he forced her head down to the base, forcing her to take it all. She felt his cum blast in her throat going down into the stomach. Halfway through drinking all his cum, she eventually came, all over Umbreon's face. Umbreon coughs from the surprising climax. Moving away to compose herself. When Sylveon there, the fire type still rubbing her now dripping wet pussy, "Oh, mornin' Flareon!" He said. "Oh morning Sylveon, who's the dark one?" Sylveon smirked "She was watching from the bushes, rubbing herself, but we caught her and now, I don't know." "Well, it nice to meet you. I'm Flareon" Flareon introduced herself.
Umbreon was kind of in shock, including the fact that her face was still drenched. "I-I'm Umbreon. Um..N-nice to meet you too." she stuttered out. Flareon could tell she was nervous about something, but didn't know what. "Well since I payed my debt, I'll he heading off.' Umbreon said about to leave. Sylveon stopped her, "Not just yet..." he said, smirking. "Huh, what else am I supposed to do?" she asked confused. Sylveon whispered into her ear, "I never said you could stop licking her..." 'But she just climaxed.' she thought, but then went to licking jolteon again.
By now Jolteon was a moaning mess laying around. Umbreon sees her face sprawn with ecstasy. Sylveon watched, starting to grow hard again from watching. "How much... longer?" she asked him. Sylveon smirked, "Like I said, until I say you can stop." 3Umbreon sighs and continues licking as he said. Sylveon watched, enjoying the show and now fully hard again. He wonders what to do with his hard on. Ask Flareon to present herself? Flareon noticed his once again erect cock, before sluttily whispering into his ear, "I want you to fuck me until I pass out." As she licked her lips.
"I could do that or..." he looked at umbreon who was licking jolteon, her tail raised upward as she licked, "Maybe I should give the dark type some pleasure." Flareon giggled "Sure, but later you're going to fuck me, alright?" She said. Sylveon winks at her as he approaches the unsuspecting Umbreon. In one quick move, he mounts her and whispered into her ear, "Remember, keep licking..." Umbreon blushes at the weight of him on top of her, but had a warm feeling inside. "Alright." she said as she just kept on licking.
Sylveon instantly started fucking her like a rabbit, with constant, quick thrusts. The dark type moaning in pleasure as she had a hard time continuing to lick Jolteon. Sylveon decided to make it harder for her by nibbling her neck softly. "S-stop it, you're not making your task easy with that." Umbreon begs, unable to keep herself from moaning. Sylveon chuckled, "And where's the fun in that?" He rhetorically asked. "Hahh..." Umbreon panted in pleasure as she licked with struggle. Sylveon started using one of his ribbons to repeatedly slap her ass, causing even more pleasure. Soon, Umbreon couldn't keep going and lifted her head up moaning in pleasure.
Sylveon used his right paw to jam her face back into Jolteon's cunt, not allowing her to stop. Umbrean moans as she was back to licking Jolteon again by Sylveon. Flareon went back to rubbing herself while she was waiting for Sylveon to finish. Sylveon went and licked umbreon's neck as a way of showing his appreciation of following instructions. Umbreon moaned, and little did the others know, she loved being submissive. "Hmmm." she murrs out as she licks Jolteon eagerly. Sylveon started thrusting slower, but harder at the same time. Umbreon murrs out louder as she pushes back, but making sure to continue licking.
Unbeknownst to all of them, Vaporeon had woken up and was watching the event unfold. The water type grinned as she lay down and watch the show, getting wet at the scene. Umbreon sensed another pokemon next to Flareon, as a single thought came to mind, 'It's going to be a long day...' She moans as she felt her limit coming. Not much longer, she came all over the ground and Sylveon's legs, unable to even stand anymore. She continued licking at Sylveon orders.
Sylveon eventually climbed off of her after climaxing, "Alright, you can go now." He said. Umbreon smiles at the feeling, "Um... Do I have to leave?" Sylveon smirked, "Well, you don't have to, but earlier it seemed like you wanted to..." "I was just embarrassed." she said honestly. Sylveon nodded, "So do you want to stay or not?" He asked. "Do you mind if I stay here with you?" she asked rubbing Sylveon's head. Sylveon smiled softly, "Fine with me", he said, wondering how fun it will be fucking all four of them at once. He looked at the feelers on his face and smiles. "This is gonna be fun..." he said, lightly kissing Umbreon's cheek.


Shade(M Umbreon) x (Shine)F Espeon

Shade(M Umbreon) x (Shine)F Espeon
After their victory, the Umbreon and Espeon discuss about having a family.

* * *

Shade and Shine had just gotten married and now got back into their mansion. It was a large building between their two newly United countries. It has been a long and grueling battle for them and their friends, but Shade and Shine managed to endure the war and finally achieved peace. The Umbreon opened the door, letting the Espeon enter first. "After you, my beloved~" Shade said formally. Shine smiled as she licked Shade's neck as she passes him.
She walked to the bed with him as they undress themselves of their wedding clothes. "It's been tough for us, hasn't it Shade?" "It's been tough for all of us." he said looking at her. "I mean, if Arceus and the Legendary Council hadn't showed up, we would've been dead." Shade mentioned how the corrupted leaders almost tried to kill them. "I really thought that would be the end of us there." Shine admitted, her body trembling a bit. Shade patted her head and stroked her back to comfort her. "There there, Shine~... It's over... The bad Pokemon aren't there to hurt us anymore..."
Shine smiled a bit. "I'm just worried about the future. This isn't over." "Yeah, we've got a big town to lead." Shade agreed. "I'm a little nervous to be honest." Shine admitted. Shade knew what she meant and embraced her. Shine smiles and nuzzle his neck. "Thank you." "You're welcome, I'll always be with you to back you up as much as you'll back me up." Shade said, winking, making Shine shed tears of joy. "Same to you." She licks his chin. "H-Hey... What did you do that for...?" Shade shuddered from the moist feeling. "Let's get on the bed... then I'll tell you." Shine offered.
Shade hesitantly nodded and they did so. "All right. Now what?" Shade asked. Shine made a seductive lying pose with her slit exposed. "What would you say I f we have a kit~?" She said with a sexy tone. "Oh... wanting to start a family so soon?" Shade asked her. He blushed as he wondered what would it be like being a father. "I always wanted to have a family..." he stated. Shine blushed as well, rubbing her hips between her legs. "M-Me too~..." Shade smiles as he started to approach Shine, licking her sides. She gasped and giggled, trying to push his head away.
Shade looked at Shine with a questionable expression until she showed him her wet pink slit spread-eagle. "You ought a lick somewhere else." she tells him with a teasing expression. Shade grinned with a seductive smile and leaned his face to Shine's. Shade gave Shine's slit a quick lick, smiling at the taste. Shine moaned a bit, blushing at the rough, wet feeling of his tongue. Shade moved lover until he's kissing the Espeon's pussy. Shine mewled at his moist lips pressing against her vagina. Shade smiles at the sound as he kisses and lick. 'She's so sweet.'
He then started teasing her by flicking his tongue left and right fast, up and down at her pussy and clitoris. "Ahhh~..." she moaned from the increased pace of the licking. "This tickles and feels so nice~!" Shine sighed passionately, shaking her head in excitement and wrapping her hips around Shade's head. Shade giggles as her legs wrap around his head, "Well if you like it so much~..." he then pushes his tongue inside. Shine then leaned her head back, moaning loudly. "Aah~, that little pink, limber intruder of yours~!" "Well, I don't hear any complaints~.." he started to move his tongue up and down slowly. "Urk~..." Shine mumbled as she felt it tickle around her labia. Shade licks around in a slow circle in Shine, "It's okay to moan for me..."
He then starts sucking her pussy with his mouth. Shine yelped and moan in bliss, her tail wagging side to side. "Oh my Arceus~! I feel so close now~!" Shine breathed heavily, shivering in intense ecstasy. "Go right ahead... let it all out." he said softly. Shine nodded and screamed in pure ecstasy as she spilled her sweet creamy juices out of her pussy. It splashed on Shade's face as he licked up all her sweet nectar. Shine panted and sighed at Shade's tickly tongue. "A little messy don't you think?" she teases him.
After he was done licking, Shade kissed her in the lips. Shine slipped her tongue inside Shade's mouth, tasting her juices. The two Eeveelutions started making out. Shade rubbed Shine's sides while said Espeon rubbed the umbreon's back. They moaned as they passionately licked each other's tongues, wrestling for dominance. Shine giggles at the rubbing feeling she has. Of course, it distracted her a bit enough to have Shade getting the upper hand in her mouth. She felt this and tried pushing back. But she started to gag as his tongue was practically in her throat. 'Come on... push back.' she tried to push him out.
But she moaned at the feeling of his tongue and gave in. She relaxed and started breathing through her nose. They continued to passionately make out until the lack of oxygen started to get to them. They move back and took a moment to catch their breaths. "Sorry... I just lost it." Shade apologized. Shine shook her head and smiled. "It's alright, we all get amorous now and then~..." She then embraced him with her legs. Shade smiled, but felt something twiching in his legs.
They looked down and saw it was his member erected. Shine blushed at the red rocket pulsating at her direction. Shade also blushed at her slit being wet again. "I could take you here and now but..." he paused as he looks at the espeon's face. "You're afraid you'll hurt me at first, right~?" Shine pointed out, still smiling. "That and... I sucked you off, but you didn't." he said winking. Shine just smirked and spread her legs wide, But shade moved forward, moving so his cock is over her face. He then held her head. "I say it's your turn to suck now." Shade said grinning.
Shine nodded and licked the tip of his member. 'It's salty... but good.' she thought as she licks the tip softly and moved downward a bit. Shade grunted as his length felt tickled by her tongue. She smiles as she hears that and took in the tip. Shade moaned from the warmness of her mouth around his tip. 'Good Arceus, her mouth's warm and wet~' He thought to himself, moaning. Shine smiled and started taking more of Shade's cock in. Almost nearing her his top to her throat. Shade kept back though to allow her to breathe. He also wrapped his legs around her head.
She smiled as she felt his muscles around her head. She started licking around his length in her mouth. Shade moaned at the warm and wet interior of Shine's mouth. Shine licked around the large member slowly and sensually. She muffled something as she was sucking and licking around his cock. Shade pulled back, "you said something?" Shines shooked her head. "You sure?" Shine just kept licking around his member in her maw. "I guess it was nothing." he said as he thrust into her. They went on for a few minutes... Then Shade felt pressure building within him. "Ngh..." It was his orgasm...
He tried to hold it in a little more for her sake. He wanted the pleasure to last. Shine noticed this and sucked harder and licked faster. Soon enough, he moans out as he climax in her mouth. "Mmphf~" She muffled as she tasted his semen. He held her head as he unloads into her. "Mmm~?" Shine said, her cheeks getting bloated by his seed. He moves back for her to get her breath back. Soon, Shine had to let go and pant. "You okay?" he asked rubbing her head with his own. Her response was a kiss on his lips, surprising him.
He flinches and move back a bit. "Hey, a little sudden don't you think?" he blushes. "Sorry about that, I just don't know how to control my instincts~..." Shine said embarrassingly. Shade smiles as he kisses her back passionately. They had a few minutes of lip wrestling until they looked at each other lovingly. "I got to say Shine, I never noticed how beautiful your face was." Shade smiled. "Me neither with your handsome face~..." Shine said with tears of joy in her eyes. Shade smiles, "So what you like to do now?" Shade presses his body to his. "Is there anything..." He pushes Shine onto her back and climbed over her. "You like to do next~?"
The Espeon nodded and spread her legs wide open. He places his member to her pussy lips and rubs it softly. "Ohh~..." Shine moaned at the feeling. He then move the tip to the entrance and started to gently push in. She soon felt her hymen stretch apart by his member. She flinches as her paws wrap around his body, he pause so she can get adjusted. The Umbreon then licked her forehead to reassure her. "It's okay... it's okay." he whispers softly. "R-Right..." Shine muttered with a slight smile on her face. He rubs her softly waiting on her.
Shine nodded, urging him to go inside. Seeing this, Shade smiles and started to push in deeper. Shine held her breath to endure. "You set the pace." he said thrusting in slowly and gently. Her hymen broke when he went inside deep. Both moan out from the new sensation. They became lost in sheer pleasure. Shade moves his head down to the side of her head, nuzzling her sensually. Shine just moaned, wanting heard that and started to thrust a bit faster.
Shine then moaned a little louder. "Aww, you sound so cute." he moaned licking her neck. She giggled and mewled in pleasure as her mate thrusted inside her. "Are you getting tighter now~?" he teases. "Well~... That or are you getting thicker~?" Shine teased back. He responds by nipping her neck with his teeth. She retaliates by licking his forehead. He giggles as he uses his tail to rub her outer pussy with his tail. Shine moaned and used her own tail to wrap around Shade's own length.
They both moan at each other's fun. They kept thrusting at each other. "So warm." Shade moaned in pleasure. "So good~..." Shine felt the same. Shade licks around the Espeon's face in affection. Shine looked at the Umbreon, wondering what's on his mind. He noticed her gaze and move to her lips, kissing her passionately and affectionately. She then kissed back and they made out passionately all the while making sweet love tonight. Shade felt pressure building up again. "I'm getting close." Shine feels the same thing as she moans, "M-Me too~!"
Shade thrust into her a few more times before groaing in his climax. Shine felt her release as her creamy juices splashed out of her. Their fluids mixed together as they pour out all they had. Shade's seed flowed through into Shine's womb which gushed out her clear viscous fluids. Shade lays down on top of shine as he was exhausted from the sex. The Espeon panted in ecstasy. "That... Was... Amazing~..." "Yes... it was so." Shade smiled nuzzling Shine. They looked into each other's eyes lovingly and kissed. This time it was more affectionate, not fierce passion like before.
It lasted for several seconds before they pulled back from their lips. "So what you like to do now? Go for dinner?" Shade asked but Shine yawned. "I'm... So... Sleepy~..." "Oh okay." Shade kisses her forehead. "We can get dinner later." Shine nodded as she fell fast asleep. Shade wasn't very tired, but he laid down next to his love. He then thought about what their child would be like... 'It would be a eevee of course, what what will it be in the future?' He sighs and closed his eyes to go off into their dreamland.
(Timeskip)
Shine was screaming in her bed, laying her and Shade's egg. "It's okay. I'm here for you." Shade holds her paw tightly. Shine nodded and shut her eyes tightly before pushing. She started to feel herself open as the egg started appearing. She felt it slide out of her. She felt a little better as half of it exits. "It's almost out, just one more mighty push!" Shade said. Shine nodded and cried out as she pushes one more time. It wasn't long until the egg was outside of her womb.
Shine was panting nonstop as she recovers. "Are you okay?" "Of course I am, I will indeed but I'm more worried about our child." Shine panted exhausted. "What do you mean?" Shade asked. "Uh, hello?" Shine said, pointing at their egg with her hind leg. Shade brings the egg to her front. The doctor then came to wash it. Soon he give it back to her. It was a beautifully brown and cream striped egg. "Aw Shade, the egg looks beautiful." she sighs as she rubs it with her head. "It is just as beautiful as you~..." He said with tears of joy shedding from his eyes. "Oh Shade..." her eyes water as well, wenting to rest her head to his, wanting to be close to him. They laid each other in bed as the nuzzled with their new soon-to-be hatched child.


Kuni(M Riolu) x F Jirachi

Kuni(M Riolu) x F Jirachi
A Jirachi overhears their son passed away from a incurable disease. Knowing she can help him ans the fact that their son dream wanted to be her mate one day, they asked Jirachi to revive their son as a pokemon so he can be with her.

* * *

With the breeze giving new life to both humans and pokemon, both species make their first step in the new day. For one mythical pokemon, her days in this world and time are dwindling to just 4 days. The wish granting Jirachi has looked upwards at the sun with a small smile. Just below the cave where the legendary rests, a group of local pokemon are heading towards a crash site some miles away from the house. Filled with curiosity, Jirachi follows the group of floettes gliding north of her cave house. She kept a safe distance of the group so to not spook them. Just ahead where Jirachi is hiding lies a horrific scene where the parents are holding the child's dead body. Both are crying about its untimely death by an incurable illness.
The father was holding the mother who was holding the child in her arms. The looks of the boy implies he's no older than 10. One of the pokemon that approaches the human family is a mother leavanny. But this particular leavanny was the one that helped this Jirachi find a safe heaven by the cave. "We are sorry. Had we disturbed you?" the father gets a No as the answer from the bug type. "Our only child. Just. Gone. We did everything we can to make him happy and lie longer. Still, his life is short lived. Could you comfort us?" the mother wipes off her tears with the shoulder pads of her shirt.
But or the pokemon, it just finds the opportunity to win Jirachi's trust and to be greater than what it can be. Gesturing the two to wait, the leavanny walks towards the woods and starts calling out to Jirachi. For the legendary, she notices the scenario. Not only does she get to have a mate of pure heart that cn break her hibernation curse, but also help the stricken parents to have hopes for a brighter future. The Legendary appeared on the bug/ grass type's call. "Hello you two, I'm sorry for your loss." Jirachi said bowing her head. "If our son is alive, he would have been very happy to see you. He is a great fan of you." The father slowly reaches his hand towards the little legendary. Soon, the mother follows and caresses the legendary's head.
"Your smile little pokemon. Are you really ... the mythical Jirachi? If you are really the one princess Jirachi that my son loves, it makes me both sad and happy altogether. You look so ... wonderful. He could had been the happiest person by now had he been able to make you his friend." the mother hiccups throughout her talk. "He wanted you to be his mate one day. Had our child lived a bit longer, we might had approved it to you. But ... he is now gone. If only ... we can have a wish where you accept our son as someone that you can always be with."
Jirachi smiles at the parents words and remembers the time she spent with the young boy, even blushing at the time where he wanted to be with her when he got older. Her eyes sparkled when she said, "There's a way for that to happen." "Really? If you can do so, I ... no. We wish for you to have our son to be with you as your little prince." The father rests his right hand on his mate's belly. "Mistress Jirachi. I had lost 2 children. Our first daughter was stillborn. The other one would be our son. It is too late for us to be a family for my partner is sterile. If you can revive our son, at least we can be happy that our legacy will live on with you." the mother starts sniffing her nose.
"For this to happen, your son will be reborn as a pokemon." She said to the parents who looked surprised at the thought. "He will retain his memories and personalities he had before." "With that knowledge, do you still want to continue with the wish?" Jirachi asked them. After catching their breaths, the couple looks at each other. "Let us take this chance for him to be with us. I don't want your last child to not live his life shortly." the wife gives her honest insistence.
"We do not know what pokemon she would turn our son into. However, if we do accept her offer, we must accept the possibly of our son marrying this special pokemon. Or it would be Miss Jirachi here who would propose to our son. If you are alright with this, so am I. I trust her will just like he does." giving his smile to the legendary he respects and worships, he nods to the wish maker to proceed. "Miss Jirachi. We wish for you to resurrect our son reborn as a pokemon. Your tale says that you yearn for a mate that can break you free from your hibernation, right? As parents, we hare here to help you be free as well." the mother caresses her little earring crowns.
Jirachi nods her head, "I understand, and I thank you." She closes her eyes and draw power within herself. The boy on the parent's arms gets lifted up as a sphere of yellow light envelopes the boy. For Jirachi herself, she had pondered on the many choices she could hae him turned to. But what she wants would be a pokemon with a really good durability when it comes to sex. Twirling her fingers as if she is playing a flute, the boy slowly get's molded into the shape of an 8 year old Riolu. After tweaking the boy's memories to return to him, she finishes his transformation success.
The newly transformed Riolu floated down onto the ground. Moments after the tranformation, he slowly opens his eyes. Slowly opening his eyes, the boy sees the sight of his shocked parents with mistress Jirachi just resting on top of the father's head. "Mom? Dad? Is tat ... Jirachi? Where ... am I?" as he raisses his paws, the kid just stare in surprise about the paw that he has. He slowly got up to see that he was much shorter than before, he looks down to see black legs and blue furr over his body. "What... has happened to me?" he asked them.
"You and your family admire me for a good long time? Your parents just so happen to be visiting my haven." the wish maker twists her neck in a circle to warm herself up. "So, you know who I am young boy?" "Wow! You are Jirachi! Right?" as the newly formed riolu receives a nod from the psychic type. "Cool! After being at some cold place, I suddenly feel so warm and alive through a beautiful girl's call. Are you the one that called for me?" the answer that the boy receives is a kiss on the lips from Jirachi herself.
Congratulations son. You finally got your wish. Jirachi is now your princess." The father pets his son's head. As the husband looks at his wife shedding tears of bliss on the on-going event. "Our tiny house is quite the distance away from this beautiful forest. Want to have a vacation here?" "I'll be glad to retire here when the time comes." as the mother looks at the mystical pokemon. "Miss Jirachi, can we trust you on teaching our child on how to live in your environment while we are out moving to your place?" once again, a nod is all Jirachi gives to the human parents.
"Mama? Papa? Can I have my Jirachi plushie?" naive the child prince may be, he wanted to play with both his special plush made by his grandmother with the real deal. "I think they have yet to bring it young one. What is your name my young prince?" Jirachi rests a paw on his ears. "I ... my name is Kuni." "We will return with our house for about a week Kuni. For now, stay with your mate at all times." The father points out the pathway to the forest entrance some distance away from where they are.
Later that night:
Life of a pokemon was rather difficultt for the human turned Riolu as things were much different as they appeared to be. One thing that he has been learning from his special princess would be picking up the correct types of berries with the help of the local leaanny that called Jirachi. Due to his body structure being similar to his human body, Kuni gets the hang of walking and running just after learning the extra balance that his tail provides a few minutes ago. Then the three pokemon look for something to eat until they spot a bush filled with berries that are patterned like a bloated crescent moon. "Kuni. Let us have a berry for each of us to eat." while Jirachi picks up her fruit easy, she watches him try his newly formed paws. So far, her transformation skills did just about every transformation procedure correctly.
Once she sees Kuni use his three soft finger tips for gripping the fruit, Kuni calls out to her. "Having three fingers is tricky princess." the wish maker just giggles upon the new boy's tried attempts on keeping the Mago berry hold onto his paws. Sitting next to him, Jirachi rests her paws on his chest, "How does it taste my prince?" "MMmmmmhhmmm. Really sweet! I love this berry! It is as good as your kiss. Can you do it again?" going with his wishes, Jirachi floats close to his head, holds her paws behind the riolu's head, and plants her lips to his slightly bigger lips with her eyes gazing cutely at his own red eyes. With the scene starting to get sexually hot, the leavanny leaves the bush to deal with other things around the mountain forest.
Jirachi can only imagine the bliss of haing sex for the first time when she gets to be the one doing and receiving it. Kuni blushes at the feeling he has when he kisses her. His body becomes warm from the kissing they're doing. She slips her tongue inside his mouth trying to taste her mate's kiss while warming him up for her objective later tonight. After a while, she lets go of her lips from Kuni's lips. "Kuni. You can touch me everywhere. So, an I touch and rub your body too?"
"Eerrhhhmm. Oh my, princess Jirachi. Sure." seeing his new face fluster in red hues, she leans her body close to the riolu's paws. With her hips touching his paws, Kuni starts fondling her back and tether ribbons. Meanwhile, Jirachi caresses the young riolu's arms admiring its rather balanced fitness. Not that muscular yet, but she can toughen those arms up later of she wants. After caressing each other's safe body parts, the wish maker stares at him with a smile as she stretches her tiny legs and shows to him her entire lower body and belly.
"You have not yet played with these Kuni. Can you kiss them for me?" Jirachi wiggles her hips and belly. Kuni smiles as she nods and nuzzles Jirachi's belly with his head, sending gentle kisses to her belly. He uses his paws to rub Jirachi's sides. "ohh, you'e so soft." he said as he gave repeated kisses to her stomach, sending giggles to the mythical pokemon.
After enjoying his playful nature with her belly, she floats back to give herself a bit of space. With all of this foreplay that she just done, the temperature of boiling anticipation on her inner birth canal muscles screams for her to let the kid plug his tiny penis inside soon. "I like your sense of touch Kuni. Your princess has one special part for you to play. Just relax." using her psychic abilities, she places his body close to the roots of the tree on the ground. With her feet wrapped on the sides of his head, Jirachi shows her vagina freely for him to see. "Kiss me there Kuni."
"Wow! What are you doing Jirachi? What is this thing?" unaware about the concept of sex and breeding, Kuni watches it twitch a bit as bits of her juices latch on the sides of the lip-like hole. "Let me welcome you to a friend of mine. This lips of mine will tell you more about herself and what you can do to please her." after catching her breath, she uses her telepathy to communicate with Kuni under a different name as her vagina's character name. [i]"Hi there little one! You see , my curvy lovely lips next to your lips? I am Cie."[/i]
"Hi there Cie. So why Jirachi wrap her body around my head with you touching my lips?" Kuni falls to the bait of Jirachi's double character roleplay. [i] Well you see, I found you very cute and all, so I decided I wanted to play with you too."[/i] Cie said giving him a little kiss. With Cie the vagina of Jirachi getting kissed, Kuni keeps his lips sealed at the white pussy. As her scent itensifies, Kuni's sniffing triggers its of his animalistic instincts. Unaware as to what he s doing, he presses his tongue on Cie and slowly parts her vagina lips giving him a taste of Jirachi's pussy juices.
[i]"Hhhmmm. Mmmmmmmmhhhmm. Press and push your tongue at my sweet lips cute prince. We love you doing that."[i] with Jirachi continuing to use her vagina's name, she plays with his innocent mind while slowly teaching him the fun things about sex. Though she can be aware of her own body, Jirachi has been waiting for a male she desires to always have sex and breed with her once her hibernation curse gets broken.
As for the riolu, he keeps kissing Jirachi's special lips and gets to further taste her inner vagina muscles and juices. He finds her body's scent oddly fragrant like a fruity berry despite the iron-like scent as if it drives his body to further eat and lick her. Keeping his tongue latch in her pussy, he stretches his mouth for a bit. Then he lightly bites at the white vagina muscles using his young canine teeth that's still dull in for a very sturdy pokemon, she can be quite soft to be chewy.
He shudders of how thick and sweet it was. Kuni closes his eyes as he continues to lick at the juices. "Ohh... it taste so good." he said as he held Jirachi close to him. As for Jirachi, she shudders at his constant licking as if he is drinking her juices like her lapping at the river water. After a while, she releases the built up orgasm on her pussy. With more of her fluid juices coming out, Kuni keeps on drinking his princess' body contents. Kuni murrs at the taste as I drinked it all up as much as I can. He pulls out, his face dripping of her Juices. "How did I do Cie?"
As Jirachi turns around a bit, she can see Kuni's premature penis getting erect from everything that he did to her pussy. Concentrating on her telepathy, she plays her pussy's alternate character to make the riolu feel rewarded. [i]"You did really good little Kuni. However, you have one more thing that you can do for me. How are you feeling below your legs little puppy?"[/i] Kuni has his first sexual erection tingling all over his young penis and hips as he unconsciously humps at the air. "I ... I feel hard on my peepee for some reason." with red line marks and hues emanating at his face, he finds it a bit difficult to look at his dream princess.
[i]"You know how to get rid of that stiff feeling there little successor to your princess?"[/i] once Jirachi sees Kuni nod to the side with a no, that becomes her time to introduce her follower to the world of sex. With the wish pokemon's paws holding the sides of her vagina lips, she stretches them open for Kuni to stare in awe, [i]"It is ok if it is your first time feeling and doing this. What I need you to do to really please me is to put your peepee inside me. I could do it myself, but I shall let my sister Jirachi guide you to please me. I hope the three of us get to have fun doing this thing everyday."[/i]
As Jirachi finishes her roleplay, she looks at Kuni's adorable flattered face. "As my prince charming, I will demonstrate to you on how you can please Cie with your peepee. Just take a seat." once Kuni sits properly, Jirachi rests her vagina lips on the tip of Kuni's erect penis. "Hold my body on the sides." Kuni follows her instruction and does her command. "Push me until you get your entire peepee in me. Follow that breeding instinct Kuni." after a bit of breathing, Kuni slowly pushes his penis inside Jirachi's sacred vagina.
He pushes in as hard as he could, he felt the walls of her pussy open up as she starts to envelope his penis. "Y-you feel so warm." he shudder from the feeling. "That is Cie's favorite way of kissing you Juni. Your peepee is like my pussy, my peepee if you want to call Cie that way. They are meant to rub and hug together like we are doing." Jirachi slowly gyrates her hips filled with joy of finally being able to breed and have sex with a loyal child. "So big and warm Kuni." after savoring the closeness she is having, she needs to continue training him to be able to have a long sex marathon with her.
"This ... this is a nice feeling. Just as good as a hug. I feel closer to you. I feel tied to you like a ribbon. Is this what you teach me?" Kuni takes his time trying to grasp at this new playtime and bonding that he is doing with the pokemon he is falling in love. "Yes my little prince Kuni. Watch me and your arms" using her psychic powers, she controls the riolu's arms as she pulls Kuni's "peepee" out of her vagina save for the knot at the tip. "How is your peepee feeling my young boy?"
With the wind breezing over them, "Brrrr. It feels cool. But I feel too cold on my peepee." Kuni never has feel a gentle breeze making a part of his body as cold as ice. "Now, push me down on your peepee hard and fast! Keep your peepee warm inside my pussy." letting her control of Kuni's arms disappear, Kuni regains controls of them and pushes Jirachi's body down on the canine's steadily growing penis. This time, his second push manages to bump at the wish maker's cervix.
"Oooaaahhh! Kuni, you so big. Do it again." like an obedient child, Kuni lifts his partner's body up again. What he notices this time is that the tip of his penis is slightly glued to the warm muscles. Once he pushes the wish maker's body down on his peepee stick, he finds her screaming in a happy way that his new animalistic instincts tells that she loves it. Building his rhythm, Kuni begins riding Jirachi on his penis through his moderate humps and thrusts.
"Jirachi. I love your warm peepee warming my peepee. Cie is so great and cuddly on my peepee." as the vagina muscles squeeze the penis, heartbeats of both pokemon pick up in speed. "Ahhh-...Kuni-Aaahh... Cie is a vagina. Kuni, your peepee is called a penis! Try and -Aaahhh- say those names! Cie is -Aaahhh!" loving the constant attention on her vagina, Jirachi wants the young boy to learn these words.
"Cie is -uuugghh- va -ahh- gina. Peepee is -ohhhh- penis -aaaahhhh!" due to the erotic sweat both pokemon are excreting. Kuni's humping and thrusting slowly builds up more speed and power. Due to the riolu being still young, his legs and hips slowly show signs of reddening. With the actual bones, muscles, and flesh pounding Jirachi's entire lower body, Kuni's bones already shows signs of its durability being greatly tested and his leg and hip muscles getting worn out of energy.
"You got -oooaahh- it right Kuni! Let your -aaaooohhhh- penis play with Cie the Vagina-aaahhh!" despite having such a durable body, besides the eyelid covering her belly-eye, her external and internal reproductive organs can be squeezed, pounded, twisted, and chewed like human skin. However, it has extreme endurance from getting punctured and teared. "Kuni, pound me more!"
Kuni tries to go harder inside Jirach, but he felt pressure building up inside him, "I feel something pushing upwards. Should I stop." he asked through panting breaths. "Aaahhh -no Kuni. Just let it happen! Ahhh! Keep it inside Cie. Do not pull it out!" with her eyes closed, she can feel his moist breaths moisturizing her face a bit. The more Kuni thrust his knotting penis inside her, the more his canine tip gets tied to her womb as half of it enters the open space of the wish maker's untouched uterus.
With the knot scrapping the agina muscles so much, Jirachi already ejaculates her juices that coats the canine penis while squeezing out the seed juices within Kuni's penis. Just after thrusting a few more times, Kuni cannot hold back the pressure built by thrusting his penis once more, knots himself inside Jirachi's womb, and lets the store cum on his testicles flow towards the exit of his penis. This new euphoria of carnal and emotional bliss intoxicates Kuni a lot as he is seeing his lovely Jirachi in a new light. Eve though he feels like he has done a workout, his body remains eager and still ready to do more things..
"My sweet child Kuni, what we just do is have sex. How does it feel to have sex with me Kuni?" as Jirachi caresses her partner's string building muscles, she can feel every detail of his canine knot tugging, bumping, and caressing her sacred pussy and womb. While she has a good amount of endurance, she finds Kuni having a better endurance than hers. "Princess, this sex feels so ... great. I'm feeling tired, yet my body wants to do more of this." with paws wrapped on the sides of Jirachi's tiny body, the riolu lightly humps his knotted penis. He loves hearing her joyful moans with her body's warmth.
"Awesome. Then keep having sex with my vagina. Even if I fall asleep along the way, keep having sex with Cie. If she gets satisfied, then I also get satisfied too." seeing the bulge on her body, she tries to lift herself up. However, being tied to a canine knot makes her only remove one-fourth of Kuni's still erect penis inside her pussy. Upon thrusting all of his penis inside, she moans out in fullness again. "Prince Kuni, have sex with me again now." with her eyes on Kuni's hips, she watches his hips die his penis into her depths like it is mining her special gems stored inside her womb. Kuni kept his thrusting on as fast and hard as he could, though he can still keep going, he can't push so hard as he doesn't have much strength. He hugs Jirachi tightly as he thrusted and licked her neck.
With all of the licking treatment Jirachi receives, her moans triggers her belly to slowly open its eyelid and show her third eye. As the pupil swirls streaks of circular rainbow colors, bits of Jirachi's energy stored in her third eye transfers to Kuni's tiring body. Unaware of his body getting re-energized, his thrusts return to a strong and steady speed. Since both Kuni's penis and Jirachi's vagina always rub and squeeze each other, every motion they do leaves both pokemon crying and moaning in ecstasy with all of the sensitive nerves reacting to every motion. As all of this happens, she pulls Kuni's head off her neck and kisses him on the lips. Once she pulls out her lips for both to catch their breath, "Kuni, I may end up being too tired to wake up. I ... gave you more energy to ... breed me longer. So, touch and play with my entire body. Find your ways of making me shout and echo in joy. Once I sleep, just keep going until you get tired and sleep too. Can you do it for me Kuni?"
The question leaves the puppy's body staying rigid and stops humping, "But, once you sleep, you will never wake up again. That is what I know from your tale. Please don't break your promise princess." "Do not be scared Kuni. You already break my curse. I never had a moment in my life to have a great time doing and having ... sex as a past time and bonding time. Not only you are mine, I am always yours to be with Kuni. No matter what happens." caressing the black crown-like ears, Kuni gets tickle massaged by the wish maker's tiny paws. As she squeezes and lightly tugs on them, the rioul yelps out in surprise. It is not painful, though it's not exactly ticklish.
With the child convinced with his princess, he resumes thrusting his hips constantly in a hard and fast pace. Yet a part of him wants to try that out to his princess too. Using his paws, he lightly pins Jirachi's wide star head before using his mouth to suckle at one of her yellow jewelry. The result becomes a near comparison of Kuni possibly sucking breasts which Jirachi approves to her physical pleasures. Throughout the marathon, Kuni plays around Jirachi's tear jewel-like ears with his paws. Thus, in every twenty thrusts, Kuni orgasms and fills up his princess' uterus with his cum bit by bit to the amount that can fill a tablespoon while every 40 hilts bumps in Jirachi's womb triggers her orgasm coating Kuni's penis with her pussy juices.
For princess Jirachi, she falls asleep an hour later into their marathon sex with Kuni at an hour and a half. Though they could not say "I love you" to each other by their exhaustion, both pokemon surely do enjoy their first time bonding. For the kid turned to a riolu, he finally gets his dream of getting married and saving Jirachi from her hibernation curse. For the wish maker however, after losing her friends dating back to many, many millennial, this day is her day to truly lie a full and long life. She may not know how long she would live along with Kuni, but for now, the feeling of her womb carrying so much of the young boy's sperm tickles her with the hopes of being able to breed like the local mother pokemon around her place. Perhaps sex may be a great addition to her body she is willing to do a lot.


Blade, Petal Eco, Dyna & Mult Florge p1

Blade, Petal Eco, Dyna & Multi Florges Part 1
Blade and Petal found a letter saying a group took two of their friends for a fun time and that they're welcome to join them.

* * *

Blade the Oshawott was abruptly awakened by her Chikorita girlfriend, Petal. "Hey Petal. How you doing?" she asked yawning a bit. "No time for sweet talk! Look around and see how many of us are there!" Petal said with a raised voiced. Blade look around to see their the only two here. "Where's Eco and Dyna?" she asked yawning. "Here's a note!" Petal lend her a note. It said, 'Help!' Blade eyes shoot up at the words. "What the?" She looks at it deeper. "Hey... Wait a minute, there's a watermark here!" Petal looks at the watermark with Blade.
It was a flower with 5 differently colored petals. Red, orange, yellow, blue and white. "What is this?" she looked as Blade reads the whole message. "We took your dear friends to our place for a little fun. If your interested on how they're doing, you can come here." The message contained a address. "What DOES their address say?" Petal asked, worried about Dyna and Eco. "It says they're at a flowery meadow." Blade pointed out. "They sound rather... Bad?" Petal muttered. "It doesn't sound hostile or anything, but we ought to go to make sure. Right?" Blade asked.
Petal flinched at he suggestion. "Wh-What?! But... Th-There's gonna be five against two!" "If we can locate Eco and Dyna, you use your razor leaf to cut their bindings to free them." Blade said and then removed her nightgown, revealing her nude white body. "So you ready to go?" Blade asked. "In a moment..." Petal said, applying some kind of minty oil. "Why you applying massage oil on you?" Blade asked looking confused. "I'm just nervous! I need something to cool my body on the outside while I'm heating up inside!" Petal explained as she also applied oil to her breasts and pussy. "Want some on yours?" "I suppose a little wouldn't hurt." Blade shrugged it off.
"Don't be silly~!" Petal said and started applying some oil on Blade. "Besides, you're sound way too confident on going! Are you thinking of getting done by Dyna and Eco's kidnappers?" "N-no!" she blushes at she shudders from the cool liquid. "I'm plan for us to run if we need to." Petal looked suspicious and used her vines covered with oil to tickle Blade's nipples and clitoris! "You liar! You obviously know it's a trap and you're gonna get us caught in it!" "No, t-that's not it!" Blade murrs as her body shakes from the pleasure.
"Come on, Blade~..." Petal seductively said, inserting one vine in her pussy and the other in her butt-hole. "I'm only saying it because I want to get done by their kidnappers too~" "Y-you too?" she gasped out. "If they're raping Eco and Dyna, why not us too~?" Petal winked and teased. Blade blushes, "Maybe just a little curious~." she admits to her mate. "You see, whoever they are, they could be good sexy babes~...!" Blade said. Petal purred as she went and nibble Blade's neck, "You ready yet?" Blade asked. "Yeah, we're done~ Let's go get some~!" The Chikorita said and she and the Oshawott kissed. They kept it short as they then headed out.
Meanwhile at this flowery meadow Blade mentioned...
Dyna was slowly regaining consciousness as she looked around groggy.. Eco was feeling the same too and looked around with her. "Ech... how did we get here?" Dyna asked looking at the sight of beautiful flowers. "I dunno... Huh?" Eco said and then heard giggles and chuckles from behind. They turned around to see it was a Florges watching them. Her flowers were red-coloured. "Who are you? Did you take us here?" Eco asked. "Hmhm~ Call me, Rose~" The red-flowered Florges said, fondling her big breasts. The two blushed at the sight, "And did you bring us here?"
Another giggle came from a blue-flowered Florges. "Let's just say, we all like to... Challenge little girls~." "Call me Violet by the way." the blue Florges said. "Wait... What do you mean, challenge little girls?" Eco asked. The two giggle as their hand rubbed each other's bodies. "Aah~! No... You don't mean-!" The Snivy asked, shocked but was interrupted. "It's exactly what we mean~.' A voice revealed itself to be orange flowered Florges. "Who are you?"Dyna asked. "Call me Mika~" The orange-flowered Florges chimed, slapping her butt with her hands.
Eco blushes as she felt herself getting aroused. Dyna felt the same and gritted her teeth. "This is kinda sexy." Eco said smiling. "Don't mention it~... Haah~..." Dyna moaned as her fur stiffened up a bit. Enjoying what you see?" Violet asked. "Huh...?" Dyna asked. "Are you enjoying our little show?" Rose asked rubbing Violet's butt. "You should~ We're just getting started~" Violet followed as she massaged Rose's boobs. As they watched the felt something rubbing their backs. "Hi~...!" A voice said behind them and they look back.
Two more Florgeses showed up, one yellow and another white. "W-who are you?" Eco asked turning to the two new ones. "Teehee~, I'm Sunny~!" The yellow Floges said. "And my name's Daisy, the leader~!" The white one followed. "Uh... I'm Eco.." The snivy said, then pointed to the pikachu, "This is Dyna." "Nice to meet you girls~" Daisy said before kissing Eco's cheek. Eco blushed from the feeling, "Why did you bring us here?" Dyna asked. "Why don't we all show you~?" Daisy said as she and her sisters start masturbating their pussies.
Eco and Dyna blushed as they start to get up. But the Florgeses use their vines to restrain them! "Um..." Eco got out as she looks at the vines around their arms, but they don't struggle. The Florges moaned as they rubbed their pussies. Sooner or later, something thick and hard erected out of the Florgeses. The two look at them in shock as a penis shows out of each of the Florgeses vagina. "Oh. My. Arceus...!" The girls said as they see the Florgeses' dicks grow. "Teehee, we're more special than normal Florgeses." the white one winked. "By the way~..." Daisy said before rubbing at Eco's crotch. "Ah~.." Eco blushed looking at the vine at her feminine areas.
She and Dyna soon became wet until... their own cocks emerge from their pussies. "Yup, we knew it~" Rose said, licking her lips. "How did you know?" Dyna asked as she blushes from embarrassment. "We know a herm when we sense one~" Mika said. "And I say, we picked some cute ones~." Mika chimed out. As she tickling with Dyna's penis. "Um.. Dyna, what should we do?" the electric type asked. Before Eco could say anything, Violet started sucking her member. "Ohh..." she moans out from the warmness. Violet licked around Eco's length in her mouth. "So nice." Eco moaned as Dyna looked onward. "I suppose we have fun with them." she guessed.
Violet and Rose then carried Eco and Dyna in their arms. They both carry a pleasant flowery scent with them. The Snivy and Pikachu sighed at the fragrance and groped their own breasts. "They're so soft and squishy." they said as they rubbed them softly, humming in the pleasure. Suddenly, their thoughts were interrupted by a thrust in their pussies! They look to see the florges's cocks in their pussies! "Hey, a little sudden don't you think?" They only responded with giggles and continuous thrusting with no help for Eco and Dyna being able to escape their fucking. "I suppose we just enjoy it and go for the ride." she moans out. "Glad you agree~!" Rose said as she tickles Dyna's clit. The two moan out as they go to rub their own shafts.
Meanwhile with Blade and Petal...
They were rushing through the forest, ignoring any Pokemon who noticed Blade's exposed body. "Maybe we should've got something to wear to cover them up." Petal said mockingly. "Nah~! I'm used to this now~!" Blade stuck her tongue out and made a graceful jump to show off her shaved body. Petal smiled and made a jump of her own to show off as well. The background in their momentum felt like it had sparkles of dew droplets around them and some Pokemon had their jaws dropped in surprise when they winked at them.
The two kept going smiling until they slow down as they approach the meadows. It was beautiful with multiple and different coloured flowers. Petal nodded and sniffed the flowers but felt very strange... "Petal... Are you okay?" Blade asked, noted she felt a little strange as well. "These flowers... They smell soo nice~..." Petal swooned as she smell different kinds of heavenly scents. "They so beautiful." Blade asked looking at them closely. She starts to swoon too before shaking her head, snapping out of her trance before looking at Petal. "Petal... these flowers... something's off about them." she said feeling her legs shaking.
Mar 31The Chikorita just shivered, leading the Oshawott to grab her face and shake her. "Petal! Snap out of it-!" Then Blade had an idea by kissing Petal's lips and tugging her (Petal's) nipples hard, making the Chikorita widen her eyes and push the Oshawott off of her. She shakes her head as Petal looks at Blade. "Agh! I hate it when you do that!... It worse because I like it at well." she blushes as she said that.
Blade was on her back with her legs spread wide, showing her pussy but then she got on her butt and looked at Petal with a sly smile. "Sorry about that~, I just had to do that if we wanna rescue our girlfriends~" Petal made a smirk. "All the while getting done hard by their kidnappers~?" Blade blushed herself and boldly stated, "Hey, I like to make rivals no matter how big they are~!" Petal smirked, "You can be a real jerk sometimes~." Petal stated making a cheeky grin. Blade made a puppy dog pout with her lips quivering and Fake Tears in her eyes. "I-I'm n-not m-mean~..." She mock sobbed, making Petal feel bad. "I-I was just joking! I didn't mean it really." Petal said holding Blade's shoulders, "Don't cry please."
Blade gave a sly smirk and licked Petal's cheek before rushing off to wherever Eco and Dyna are. "Catch me if you can~!" She then showed her butt and haves her paw at her vaginal lips, making a blowing kiss gesture at Petal and then running off. Petal blushes madly at the scene. "You teasing jerk! I take that back. You're gonna pay for this when we get back!" Petal said chasing after her. Blade soon reached a mossy flowery cave and stopped, hearing moans from it. "Someone's here." Blade said, unaware of the grass type still running after her.
Blade leaned her head, closed her eyes and sniffed inside for a hot scent. "So pleasant.. smells familiar too... kinda like-" "Gotcha~!" A certain Chikorita bounced on top of her from behind and tugged the Oshawott's nipples. "Haaa~..." Blade blushes from the tugging, "Petal wait... Stop." "Huh? Wha-?" She stopped and smelled the air in the cave. "Smell that?" Blade asked her. "Yeah... And those moans sound... Familiar..." "Could that be... Eco and Dyna." Blade pushes Petal up and moved upwards. They then went inside and when they got close, they hid themselves by a wall.
Blade inched closer to the edge and peeked behind the corner. She and Petal then saw Eco and Dyna carried by Rose and Violet, getting fucked by them. Petal sees the group at them. "There they are, we should go help them." Blade grabbed an arm and Petal looked at her questionably. The Oshawott's face had a smile on it. "Now hold on a minute, Petal~... Why not we get ready~?" "Ready... Ready for what?" Petal asked. Blade just responded with a loving kiss, making Petal widen her eyes before they slowly closed and they both sat down, tribbing each other. They kept their moans quiet so the Florgeses wouldn't hear them.
MWhat they didn't realize however, that Blade only saw two florges having fun with their friends. So where are the other three? "Tell me again why do we have to wait?" Mikan asked pouting. "So we could have our turn~" Sunny said with happily closed eyes. Mika sighed, "Where did Daisy go anyway?" she asked looking at the entrance. "I dunno..." Sunny shrugged. Daisy was hiding in plain sight, observing Blade and Petal grinding each other. The leader giggled quietly. 'I was planning on going back to get them as well...' 'But~... Better let them have their cute and sexy fun and let them show up afterwards." Daisy thought and went back to her sisters stealthily.
Then she stopped 'Although...' she look at the two again, 'Why would I leave when there's a show performing for me?' Daisy watched on in eagerness. "Ooaahh~...! Petal... Doesn't this feel amazing~?" Blade moaned quietly. "Ohh... Blade... yes it does." Petal licks and nibbles Blade's neck. They bumped their clits together and felt themselves flowing with cum.
Meanwhile, with Eco and Dyna.
The two were moaning in bliss as they felt full from the herm's cocks in them. They started panting faster and deeper. "How you holding up you two~?" Violet asked panting in pleasure. Eco just squealed in pleasure. "Ugh~...! S-So... Close~!" "And you Dyna?" Rose asked. Dyna was just gritting her teeth, shaking in ecstasy. "I'll take that as a yes." Rose said. Violet nodded and they went faster and harder. The smaller herm cried out and shot their seeds at the larger ones, also at each other. The Florges moan out as they climax as well. Filling up the small herms' wombs and their cum spilling out. "Wow..." Eco panted.
Dyna has her tongue outside. They were lying on the ground and were covered in cum. All the Florges chuckled at the two fucked-silly herms. "Wow you two had a great time?" One of the florges's asked. The others nodded when they heard a voice. "Hold it right there~!" It was Blade. She and Petal were panting and leaning against a wall, standing with their legs shivering after their orgasm.


Blade, Petal Eco, Dyna & Mult Florge p2

Blade, Petal Eco, Dyna & Multi Florges Part 2

* * *

"Oh, you two came here." Violet smiles. "And you look ready too~" Rose chimed, noticing the two lesbians' dripping crotches. The group smiles, "Would you two like to join us?" they asked. "Actually~... I'd like to talk to the white Florges over there~!" Blade said, smirking boldly. "Oh? What about?" Daisy asked. "Hah... Hah... For a short battle~!" Blade said, surprising everyone. "Oh? You two tend to take me on?" Daisy winked at the two. "Nope~, just me and you! Petal can just watch with your sisters~!" Blade said. "What?" Petal asked.
Blade stroked Petal's back and butt. "Don't worry~, we Oshawotts are great fighters~!" She winked at her. Petal blushed, but nodded her head. "Just don't push yourself okay?" Blade nuzzled her cheek with hers. "I'll be okay, girlfriend~..." They then noticed Eco and Dyna being held up, tied together in vines with their pussies rubbing and kissing. The two blush at the scene in front of them. "Uh... What're you girls doing to them?" Petal asked worriedly. "We were just having a little fun with them."
"Yeah... We noticed that..." Petal blushed before being held up by Sunny and Mika. "H-hey, what is this?" Petal blushed struggling in instinct. Sunny and Mika giggled as they let down their black triangular bra-like leaves, exposing their D-cup breasts and squishing them around Petal. "Ahh!" she blushes as they rub around her, Petal's nipples harden from the feeling. Blade grinned at the scene and looked at her own pussy. She had kept her scalchop in her labia for some time. She then turned to Daisy and asked, "Wanna see something hardcore~?" "Sure, what is it?"
Blade just spread her legs wide while still standing and makes one dramatic pose before rubs her pussy lips, moaning in her masturbation. Daisy giggles at the scene as she gives the Oshawott a pose of her own. But she saw something she didn't expect! Blade's vaginal mouth glowed a bright blue and out grew a sparkly light-blue blade erecting like a cock! "Razor Cock~!" Blade announced before posing sexily with her new weapon revealed so sexually. Everyone gasped in surprise. "Wow, I gotta say, never saw that coming." Daisy said. "Yeah... Hey, Blade... When did you had your shell inside you the entire time?" Petal said, struggling against her compact vicinity.
"Well I started doing so a couple weeks ago. It felt really nice the first time. "What about your belly?" Petal asked, forced to suckle on their teats, who murr as she felt milk fill her mouth. Blade looked down to what she meant. "Meh, never used it since it was shaved~... Hm, this looks cool and sexy~!" Blade explained, playing her Shell Blade dick. "Got to say little one, you're full of surprises... I like surprises~..." Daisy purrs. Blade nodded as she seductively taunted her to come at her. "Mmhm~, I suppose you wanna fight now~?" "Well then.." Daisy let out a couple of vines. "Show me what you can do~."
Blade then rushes at Daisy before jumping at her. She landed on Daisy's chest, her breast swaying from impact. Blade flipped around to slash at Daisy but she blocked it. Daisy pushes Blade off and launch vine whip at Blade, who dodged them all. But one of the vines unexpectedly caused Blade to trip and fall on her front. Blade wasn't hurt much and proceeded to get up. But then a vine whipped her buttocks! She yelp at the stinging feeling, but resolved to get back up and continue. But another vine whipped her again and she was being spanked in the butt continuously, becoming wet in the process. "Eep! Ack! Aie!"
Blade got through the pain and used water gun to hit her. Daisy dodged it and uses Sweet Scent around the area. Blade held her nose as she tries to run off. But Daisy was able to get the upper hand by grabbing her with her vines. She struggles as she tries to get out of it, but then a vine went inside her asshole, making her gasp. She moans from the feeling as she tries to move around. Blade started hearing Daisy speaking seductively through the pink mist. "You're feeling wet, you want to give in~... You're feeling hot, you're feeling excited~... You want to be my slave~!" That's what she said as Blade mewled softly. "N-n-no~..." Blade struggled weakly in the grip.
"Blade~...?" Petal's voice called our. "Do you need help~?" "I-I'm fine... It's a one-on-one!" Blade tried to assure Petal. "Blade... you're taking on a duel grass type... let me help!" Petal insist. "Why don't we give YOU a battle then~?" Sunny said before thrusting her cock in the Chikorita's mouth. Petal grunted and started to move away. "What?" "Yeah~!" Mika said, thrusting in Petal's ass with her own cock! "H-hey stop that!" Petal said trying to get off Mika's cock. She became muffled by Sunny's cock.
"Mmmph~!" Petal places her paws on Sunny's cock and tried pulling it out. "Well, now that she's out of the way~..." Daisy then picked Blade up in her arms and neared her butt at her face. "H-hey what are you doing~?" She blushes as she said that. Blade got her answer when Daisy started licking her spanked butt cheeks. "A-Gahh~..." She murrs out as the tongue licked her sensitive skin. Including the red marks she left when she whipped her.
Blade's struggles weaken from the tenderness of Daisy, and by the smell of her Sweet Scent. "Ready to submit~?" "I... I... Aaahh~!" Blade orgasmed, drenching her shell which was still in her labia. "Aww you climaxed? So cute." Daisy then said to the panting Blade, "Well, that's it for round one~! Time for round 2~!" "Round 2?" Blade asked. The Oshawott soon became spread-eagle position, tied up in an X formation by Rose and Violet's vines. Daisy giggles in front of Blade. "Hey wait hold on. Can't we talk?" Blade asked blushing from embarrassment.
"Sure~, since I won the first round, I'm rewarded with the opportunity of molesting your helpless form~!" Daisy explained, licking her lips and staring at Blade's Razor Cock, chuckling deviously. "I'm gonna enjoy this~..." Blade blushes as she looks to see Petal willingly let them play with her body. Even when the Chikorita is being fucked in her mouth and pussy. "Mmmph~..." Petal moans as she suckles and moans. "Oh god~...! You're so warm in your mouth~!" Sunny moaned."And your pussy is so tight~!" Mika purred.
Petal was getting sexed by the two Florgeses. "Aww she's so cute." Mika moaned out. "I agree~!" Moaned Sunny. "Thank you." Petal moaned out as she uses her vines to rub the florges's pussy. They moaned at the tickling of their clits, both which erected.
Meanwhile with Dyna and Eco.
Eco was enjoying a pleasant dream before someone was rocking her and there was a voice. "Eco... F-For crying out loud... Look at Blade..." Dyna moaned as they were tied and hung up in a tribadism-like position. "Ahh... huh?" she woke up and saw the situation around them. They saw Petal getting fucked in two ways and Blade was getting molested by Daisy who velvetly placed her hands on the Oshawott's buttocks and gently places her lips on Blade's pussy lips. "Aah~!" Blade gasped.
"So how it feels little sea otter~?" Daisy asked, as she started frenching her pussy. The Oshawott moans out as the kisses causes her pussy to leak out. "Augh~...! Stop it~! Ooh~...! This feels so embarrassing~!" Blade moans out but Daisy just keeps frenching her pussy.
Back to Eco and Dyna.
"All right let's go help." Eco said starting to struggle. But it was futile for them to break through the vines. As they struggle, they weren't aware of a pressure building in their loins until fluid splashed out from their pussies. They got worn out and panted, looking hopelessly at their girlfriends getting mmolested. Dyna frowned as she whimpers. "Oh, Blade..." She then moaned as Eco grinded her pussy at hers. "Ah... Eco, what are you...?" Eco gave her a reassuring smile. "J-Just hold on~... I-It's c-coming in~... S-Soon~!" "B-but we shouldn't hahh.." she moans as a spike of pleasure shoots through her. "Just h-hold on~...! Nngh~! I-I've got this Th-Thunder Stone stored inside me f-for sometime~..." Eco explained as she strained pushing it through her labia.
"Y-you brought a Th-Thunderstone and... and put i-it inside you?" Dyna asked. Eco nodded as she pushes. Before Daisy could pull it out, she then thought of pushing the shell in and out like a dildo. She does that, pushing in as deep as she could. Blade gasped and couldn't tug in her shell anymore. "So deep.' Blade gasped. Blade moaned in pleasure, but felt something moving out of her pussy. Daisy was grabbing her blade and pulls it out slowly. "H-Hey! That's-aah~! Mine!" Blade yelps and tries to suck it back in.
A tug of war was commencing between the two. But Daisy was stronger. "Now now~... We can't have that, can we~?" Before Daisy could pull it out, she then thought of pushing the shell in and out like a dildo. She does that, pushing in as deep as she could. Blade gasped and couldn't tug in her shell anymore. "So deep.' Blade gasped. Daisy grinned as she then pulls her scalchop out. Blade moans from the movement, but then she realizes what's happening between her legs. The blade slipped out of Blade. "Hey that's mine~!" she whines.
Daisy chuckled and licks her shell. "Aww don't worry, you'll get it back~. Just not this minute~." Daisy said as she placed it down. "Now~... Your wet vagina looks so adorable~...! It's like a pink rose with a tiny baby bud~" She chimed about Blade's slit and clit. "Ummm... thank you?" Blade said confused. Daisy chucked and nears herself to have her face at her pussy.
back to Eco and Dyna.
"Why y-you place it n your vagina?" Dyna aske enduring the rubbing. "T-To m-make you... E-Evolve...~" Eco whispered. "A-And get... Us out~...!" "E-Eco~.." Dyna moaned, touched at what the grass type did. The Thunder Stone soon made its way to Dyna's entrance. Dyna pushed herself against it to touch it. She then starts sucking it in herself. "Huh... What are you doing?" Eco asked. "Getting the Thunder Stone in me so I can evolve, what else?" "You just had to touch it." Eco pointed out. "Oh, right... Doy." The Pikachu then kissed the stone with her vaginal lips and glowed brightly. Surprisingly, no one noticed or heard a thing.
Eco looked around worried about getting caught, but everyone was too occupied with things. Eco then noticed, she was glowing herself too. 'I'm glowing? Wait, I'm evolving too?!' Eco was surprised but then thought. 'I guess all that sexual experience has done it...' Their bodies lengthened as their evolution took place. Soon enough, Dyna had evolved into a Raichu and Eco a Servine. "E-eco?" Dyna asked noticing her new appearance. "Mmhm~ Yeah, I'm amazing~" Eco complimented. Petal can feel their dicks pulsating inside her. This signified that she's gonna get filled up in both areas.
Petal closed her eyes and got prepared for the climax. Soon Sunny and Mika came hard, moaning loudly. Their cum spilled into Petal's pussy and mouth in loads. They then slide their penises out of her, making Petal fall on the flowery soft ground. Her belly has expanded as she tried to catch her breath. She cringed as she spilled and spat some cum out of her pussy and mouth. They had given her a creampie. "You okay there?" Mika asked, looking concerned. Petal was just panting.
Meanwhile with Blade and Daisy.
Blade was moaning as Daisy kisses her pussy with affection and tenderness. 'Why does this all feel so good~...? I can't break free... Oh man... Looks like I've sexed more than I could fuck...' Blade regretfully thought when she felt Daisy's tongue slide inside her. Blade moaned out in bliss from the tongue going deep. It was rough and limber inside her labia. "Aww go ahead and enjoy yourself, everyone is." Blade just moaned in ecstasy. "Nngh~...! J-Just finish me a-already..." Daisy smiled as she digs her tongue deeper and suckle at the pussy lips.
Blade squeals in pleasure, feeling herself near. "Ugh~! Guess this is the end of us... Living as slaves to these flower gals... I can't~..." Suddenly, just as she was about to cum, Daisy stopped. Blade looked upwards towards the white Florges, "Wh-what are you doing?" "Time for the Final Round~!" Daisy showed her gigantic-looking cock in front of Blade who looked frightened at the size. "No-No not that." Blade started squirming in Daisy's arms.
The white Florges's tip touched the Oshawott's pussy. "I can't take something like that." Blade pointed out. "Hm~... Maybe if I..." Daisy then pushes it in Blade who gasps sharply. "Give it... A big... PUSH~!" Blade grunted in a bit of pain from the penetration, but she doesn't find it as painful as she expected. Still, her member was big and thick so she couldn't help but wail loud as more of her labia is rubbed from within. "Are you okay? I was lubbing you lots so I can make it as painless as possible." Daisy said genuine. Blade just panted, not caring anymore but wanted the pleasure to continue.
"I say you're enjoying it. With that, I'll continue onward now." Daisy started to pull back and push forward in Blade's vagina. Blade felt weird considering the bigger Pokemon was thrusting inside a smaller Pokemon. "It feels odd.. Ah... but good as well." Blade blushes from the feeling. "Ooohhh~!" She moaned as her member started sliding into her womb. "I'm happy to enjoy it." Daisy said holding Blade up in her arms. The Oshawott felt her stomach bulge by the size of the Florges's member! "Ahh... hahh..."Blade was panting in complete bliss of the sex. "I'm feeling... So... Near~!" "I Don't mind. Just cum." Daisy said as she pinched, twisted and pull Blade's nipples.
Blade nods as she cries out, juices splashing around the intruding member. Which squirted out hot creamy semen inside her womb! Blade hanged limped from pleasure as Daisy continued cumming. The vines soon let her go so Blade slipped off Daisy's member. Blade was sprayed everywhere with a lust drunk face. "You should see yourself." Blade weakly looked over at Petal. "Petal... You..okay?" Blade panted. "Urrk... B-Blade...?" Petal felt the same as they crawled to each other slowly, leaving a white trail of Florges seed behind them. "This is where you say 'We took in more than we can take.' right?" Blade groaned as she rubs her belly. "It's okay, girlfriend... It was worth knowing how great this ordeal was~..." Petal moaned, smiling lovingly and stretching her arm out to Blade.
Blade smiled as she did the same to Petal. "Aw~... How cute~ I wonder what the Extra Round should be like~?" Daisy chimed until she noticed up them. "What the~?" Daisy asked. It was Dyna and Eco diving down at them. "We gotcha girlfriends!" Dyna called out. They attacked the Florgeses who try fighting back. The two were holding them off very well. At least Mika and Sunny who were exhausted from their sex. Getting the upper hand, Dyna used thunder wave to paralyze the two.
Eco used a Vine Whip and Leaf Blade at Daisy. Daisy flinches, but stand firm. Blade and Petal noticed them tiredly. As they fight, "Hold on here, Why are we fighting?" Daisy asked the two. "Cause you sexed us without permission~!" Eco said. "Well you all never said to stop~! Not even once." Rose pointed out.
Back to Blade and Petal.
The two sat up and listened to the discussion under way. Apr 10"They've evolved~..." Blade muttered, still shivering from the pleasure. "Yeah, I noticed. How wonderful." petal smiled. They then kissed and grinded each other tightly. "B-Blade, maybe we should listen to the discussion?" Petal suggested. "I-I need to 'heal' first..." "We don't have any oran berries." Petal pointed out. Blade then made Petal trip so they could have a 69. "Blade?" Petal called out noting she locked her head down.
Blade then started nibbling and licking Petal's pussy. "Blade stop... be serious." Petal tried to get to her. But the Oshawott mashed her own vagina in the Chikorita's face. "Mmmmph~." Petal muffled from the action, but nevertheless, she gave in and dug in. Blade moaned as Petal started rubbing her face in Blade's pussy and lick it. They kept eating each other out. "Petal you're ever so sweet." "You too, Blade~!" "Ahhh, so close Blade." Petal said sucking faster. "M-Me too, Petal~!" Blade felt the same. They go at it more eagerly to get the other off. It was long until their vaginal muscles tighten inside. Their juices splashed at each other, warm fluid dripping off their faces.
They moaned and collapsed. Blade sighed. "That was one heck of an experience~..." "You said it girlfriend." Petal nuzzled Blade's folds. Soon, they started glowing to their surprise! They both smiled as they know what was happening.
Meanwhile with Dyna and Eco.
"So let me get this straight, you only took us and left that note to those two so y'all can have fun with us?" Eco asked. Violet nodded. "We weren't doing anything harmful~" "And you don't tend to keep us as slaves?" Dyna asked them now. "Why not... Dominate us then~?" Sunny and Mika asked. "That way we'll be even then. Also, no we never plan on that, I was just teasing them. We intended on letting you four go." Daisy said. Eco and Dyna looked at each other and grinned with their teeth showing. They then jumped them, Eco pinning Sunny and Dyna pinning Mika. "Ohoho~! Payback time~!" Dyna said, grinding her length on Mika's slit. "It is sweet." Eco said, doing the same to Sunny's.
Rose and Violet looked envious. "Lucky flowers you two are." Rose said. "I wish we have a girly girl to do~..." Violet sighed. As they pout, the noticed a bright light at the corner of their eyes started dimming. "Hm?" Daisy noticed it too. The two nod as they headed towards the source. They then see a Dewott and Bayleef who are familiar. "Hey did they just?" Violet asked. "Yeah, they did." Rose nodded.


Blade, Petal Eco, Dyna & Mult Florge p3

Blade, Petal Eco, Dyna & Multi Florges Part 3

* * *

Violet smiled and nudged the two. "Hold it!" Daisy yelled. The two turned to see their leader calling out. "Something wrong?" "You girls can have the Bayleef and I'll take the Dewott~ Now for that Extra Round~!" Daisy said, licking her lips. Daisy picked up Blade and hugged her sensually, Blade's head in between her breast. "You still want more?" Blade asked as she was picked up in a hug. "Let's get naked first~!" Daisy nodded. "Aren't we already naked?" Blade asked confused. "Your dark blue skirt and my green dress~"
Blade look down to see she's now wearing a skirt now. "Ehehe... didn't know I was wearing one." "Yup, help me with this black leafy bra then~" Blade blushed as she went and started unhooking the straps. Daisy smiled and uses her vines to slip Blade's skirt off. Blade blushed at the feeling as she finishes the last strap. "Now then, where were we~?" Daisy teased. Daisy hugged Blade closely, her breast surrounding Blade's head, Blade smirked and kissed between her breasts. She smiled as she started rubbing Blade's cheeks, and then spreads her legs wide open.
"Where you want it now?" Blade asked. "Inside you~ Where else~?" Daisy positioned her cock at Blade's slit. "You have two holes to choose from~." Blade pointed out. "How about your vagina~? Hold onto me tight and kiss me~!" Blade wrap her arms around Daisy when she said that. She then nuzzles her cheek against hers. Daisy took Blade's face and kissed her deeply. She kissed back and has her slit gently land on the tip of her member. Blade murred as she braced herself for the penetration. Daisy then makes a swift thrust in her labia.
Blade cried out and moaned as she felt her pussy spread open for Daisy's cock. She could feel it twitch and throb inside her moist fleshy cavern. Daisy smiles at the feeling as she lift Blade up and down. "Aah~...! It still feels so big~..." The Dewott chimed at the feeling. "That's what they all say~." Daisy churred as she licks Blade's cheek. Blade smiled valiantly and placed her mouth on one of Daisy's nipples. She started to suckle on it as she was bounced. Daisy giggled at the now-teenaged Pokemon's cuteness. Daisy made some vines and spread around Blade's body. They lowered until they arrived at her anus.
She felt the vines poke around her hole teasingly. Blade widened her eyes a little and then felt her anus stretched open. She kept her mouth closed as she never felt something like this before. 'Just stay calm, Blade... It's simply your butt being explored. You'll get used to it~" The Dewott thought to herself. Daisy giggled as she thrusted her vines in and out slowly. "Eep~! This feels way too different!" Blade yelped. "Different? How?" Daisy asked. "Well... You know what they say about 'shoving something up your butt'~..." Blade explained shyly. "Oh, well it's pleasant both ways~." Daisy chimes.
Blade nodded and whispered to her. "Um~... Go a little further inside my ass~?" Daisy smiles as she drove her vines into Blade's ass deeper. The Dewott moaned and Petal was watching with Rose and Violet holding onto her. "Blade... Ooohh.." Petal murred at the feeling of the two massaging her body. "You really care about her, don't you~?" Violet asked, tickling Petal's clit. "O-of course. I love her~." Petal moans from the feeling. "Aw~... Say, when did you girls first met~?" Rose asked, interested to know.
Petal blush at the question, a little embarrass to tell them. "Come on~, you can tell us~" They said, rubbing her torso some more. Petal blushes as she open her mouth, "I met her few years ago." "Annnd~?" They asked again, obviously wanting the whole story. "Blade was being attacked by this pawniard, I stepped in and saved her and invited her to my home." "Did you two do anything sexy together~?" Rose asked excitedly. "Well..." Petal blushes, "When we met, I was in heat. Blade discovered it and offered to help me out with it. "Well, why not we 'help' you too~?" Violet asked seductively.
The Bayleef blushes from the question, "I'm not actually in heat though..." But then she was interrupted when Rose went into her vagina and Violet in her ass! Petal gasp as she was not prepared as she tightens around their cocks. But it didn't help due to their thick sizes. She panted from the intense feeling. She soon got used to the feeling and moaned loud. "Ahh... so cuuutte~." Rose squeals out. "And so tight tooo~...!" Violet mewled out and they thrust inside her holes back and forth. Petal felt more of pleasure since her body was bigger, since she can take bigger lengths now.
Petal feels as though her body is being rubbed inside out. She murrs as she uses her sweet scent to spray around them. "Just for a pleasant feeling." Petal explained as they looked at her. 9"Well, the area here is starting to smell more fragrant~" Rose nodded, licking Petal's now long neck. "Yeah it is." Violet rubs Petal's sides, going faster and harder. The Bayleef moaned louder as she feels the velocity inside her increase. 'I'm about to cum.' she moan around the cock in her mouth as her pussy tightens for the upcoming orgasm.
Meanwhile, with Eco and Dyna...
The two were playing with the Florges of their own. Eco was playing with sunny while Dyna's with Mika. They were thrusting in their former captors' pussies hard as payback for what they did. The two were moaning in pure pleasure from the feeling. Dyna and Eco also felt hard and throbbing in their members. "Are you two close?" Mika asked the two. "Something like sisters~...!" Eco answered still thrusting in. "Ahh.. that's not what she meant. That's nice though" Sunny moaned as she said that. The Florgeses' members were twitching in pleasure. "I... I think I'm at my limit." "Cum all over us as we cum in you~!" They said.
Sunny and Mika moaned as their cocks twitches, and then came hard like white volcanoes. The four were painted white while the florges were filled. Though Eco and Dyna were given a direct shot of steamy seed at them. The two Florges stopped as they all panted from their intense session. "Whew~... They really splattered us~!" Dyna said to Eco. "Kinda the same way we did to Blade and Petal~." Evo said. Remembering one time they had sprayed at them. "Yeah... ehehehe.." Dyna giggles at the time. Rubbing her body with her paws, noticing the mounds of semen they're covered with. "We'll be needing a wash in a lake as we head on home." Eco said pulling out. Dyna agreed doing the same.
Meanwhile with Blade and Daisy.
Blade was sucking on Daisy's breast as she hugs the white Florges. They both buck each other simultaneously as if they are in perfect harmony. "Ngh.." Blade moaned as she moved away to sigh out to her. "Mm?" Daisy murmured to her. "I just needed some air." She moaned as Daisy's thrusting increases. "How close are you?" "It depends on how close are YOU?" Blade felt her vagina leak more juices as she felt twitching. "I don't know... I might be close." Daisy grinned and has her member twitch some more. "Yeah... I-I am close." Blade said moaning louder "Me too~"
Daisy hold Blade close in a soft hug. Blade moaned out in bliss, her juices covering. They both panted very fast. Daisy moaned out then, spilling her seed in Blade's pussy. Which spilled its creamy juices all over Daisy's cumming penis. "Sorry about that." Blade said trying to lift herself off, but Daisy gave her a kiss in the lips! "Mmm?" Blade muffled in the lips. "No need to apologize~ That round was fun~!" Daisy muffled as she makes out with her. "Why this kiss?" Blade muffled next. "Because it's romantic~!" Daisy chimed in the kissing, blinking cheerfully. Blade blushes at the answer, "Daisy.."
She then smiles and kisses back deep. "There you go. Get into it." Daisy muffled. They then stick their tongues into each other's mouths. Wrapping them around each others, sucking on them, wrestling for dominance! Blade was holding her own, keeping Daisy back. This kept going on for several more hours before they got exhausted. They separated to catch their breaths. They also collapsed down on the ground, panting. "You that tired?" Blade teases the Florges. "What about you~?" Daisy asked back, her chest rising up and down. "I looks quite obvious I'll be winded. You should look still okay." "Yeah~..."
The two giggle as Blade asked, "Can I get off your cock now?" Daisy nodded but asks, "Hey, when you're fully-evolved, you could try all five of us~!" Blade smiles but then looks confused, "Maybe, but how can that be possible?" "I'll do your pussy, Rose will do your ass, Mika and Sunny will grope each of your breasts while you stroke their cocks and Violet will do your mouth~" Daisy explained hornily. Blade blushed at the obvious eagerness in her tone. "I'll think about it when it happens." "Anyway, can we go home now~?" The Dewott asked. Daisy picked Blade up off her cock and onto the ground, patting the water type's back.
Blade then crawled at her girlfriends who were panting tiredly as well. "Hey, you three okay?" They all nodded and they all have a group hug. "We have one more thing to ask you four. Can we continue our little stunt earlier?" Daisy asked. "Mmm~..." Blade thought for a moment until she smiled. "Only when we're fully evolved and I can do all five of you flower girls~!" "You mean we got to wait for that till we can kidnap you again?" Rose asked pouting. "It won't be a long time, we promise!" Blade assured them. "If it does take long, we'll be taking you and you alone." Daisy promised as well. Blade grinned at her challenge and shook hands with her. "Well take care." Blade said. The Florgeses did the same as everyone went home...


M Nidoking X ShM Nidoqueen part 1

M Nidoking X ShM Nidoqueen
A Nidoking is confused about his sexuality, and he gets help from a special Nidoqueen. Kinks contain Male Pregnancy, Male livebirth, and male breastfeeding.

* * *

The night was clear with stars shining in the sky. During the night, a lone Nidoking was walking down the pathway in thought. Of course, this Nidoking was a little bit different from any other. He was wearing a thick black coat and large grey pants. He's also not as muscular as other Nidokings. He has muscles still, but he's slightly leaner. He was thinking about his sexuality. He does like girls, but he's confused about males. He tended to think about what it'd be like to snuggle with them or even kiss them, making him question what was with him.
"It… It's not strange right… to think about other males and how it could be… right?" he asked, confused and unsure. He let out a sigh and leaned against a tree on the side. "But it's not like I could just go and say, 'Hey, I have some strange feelings about another male. Can I snuggle with you for the night?' I can already guess a answer they give." he chuckles to himself a bit as he shakes his head. As he pondered that, he heard footsteps. He looked at each sides of him on the pathway, but didn't see anyone coming. "I'm hearing things." he sighs as he relaxed and look down to the ground. "Boo." whispered a voice right behind him.
He staggered forward and turned before falling onto his butt. "What the-" he looked at the person standing there. The figure turned out to be a large Nidoqueen wearing a green dress. She had her mouth covered by her hands to prevent laughing. "Wow, you're awfully jumpy." The Nidoking recovered enough to say, "What's the matter with you?! You can't just sneak up and whisper in someone's ear. I nearly had a heart attack!" "Sorry, but I had to have some fun seeing you out here by yourself." She teases still giggling, making him blush from embarrassment. "So why are you out here?"
"Oh, I was just walking, enjoying the moonlight." he said to her, hoping to recover from the embarrassing moment. "But what's with you scaring the wits out of people? Is that something you do often?" She smiled, "No, I just heard you talking so I thought I just do a little spook." she said, "By the way, what were you talking about?" "Um, it's nothing." "Come on, I promise I won't laugh." she smiled while fluttering her eyes. "Please?" He blushes as he winces at the sight, "I was… wondering about my sexuality… and curious about the other gender." "Let me guess, you love pussy, but have been hankering for some cock?" "Um, basically… yes." he blushes, slumping downward in embarrassment. "Oh, well I can help with that problem." She smiles winking at him.
The male look at the Nidoqueen. ""Really? You know someone who might be interested in doing this?" "Of course." she grinned while a small bulge could be seen beneath her dress, though he doesn't noticed at first. "Here, come with me." she turned and started walking away while gesturing him to follow. Though nervous, he started walking behind her to whatever destination she's going. All the while noticing her swing her hips. He blushes at the sight, even daring to reach out and feel them a bit. He touched her ass and got a slight hum out of rubs them a bit, feeling it around. "Nice and soft." he whispers very quietly. "Right here should do." she spoke up. "Oh okay." he said reaching away from her in embarrassment.
He looks around to see they reached a small clearing, but sees no one. "We're the only one's here. Is anyone coming?" "Oh, I'll be making someone cum alright." she purred before grabbing his wrist and moved it down her dress to the bulge. "Hey, what are.. You… doing?" he paused as he finishes feeling a bulge in his palm, he moves around it a bit.
"It's only fair I let you touch me since I let you grab my ass." he blushes as he was told this. "You're a shemale?" He asked, not disgusted, but in wonder. "Yup, I got both of them." she smirked. "Come on, really touch it." He blushes at the words and he started to rub it harder. "Like this?" "No," she lifted her dress up to let her bare cock stand out. "I mean really touch it now." His face reddens more at the sight of the large blue cock in his view. He places his hands around the member and started stroking it in a firm grip. "So big."
Nidoqueen let out a soft moan from the hand rubbing her cock. "How does it feel to touch a real cock other than your own?" "It's feels weird… but very nice." he admitted feeling it pulse in his hands. 'It's bigger than mine.' "No need to be shy. Put more into it." she said. "If no, I might have to take the lead, and I don't wanna break you too soon." He shudders at the words, "A-alright." he started stroking it faster and harder with two hands. "Mmm, that's nice." she hummed with a grin. "Hey, do you know some males can pleasure a cock more by placing their mouth over it and sucking?" "You mean a blowjob?" she nods her head.
He smiles and blush as he said, "I heard they do it. And if feels good when I had females suck my cock." "Well now you can experience what they did." she moved her cock closer to his head. "Suck on it." He couldn't help but smile as he opened his mouth for it. He felt her cock slam inside and had to quickly try to relax lest he choke on it. It was big and wide as it filled his mouth completely. He sucked on it as he moved his head back and forth. "Oh yeah! Nice and tight, just the way I like it." she moaned. He felt happy as he bobbed his head back and forth.
He pushed his mouth all the way to the base of the cock and stopped, sighing in happiness. "No stopping~" she sang grabbing his head and started moving her hips back forth in his mouth. He giggled as he relaxed and let her use his mouth for pleasure. "Wow, who knew you'd be so quick to let me use your mouth like a toy. Are you getting off on this?" He closes his eyes as he nods his head in answering her question. He reached down and started unzipping his pants. He took out his shaft and started to rub it with his hands. "Wow, someone's smaller than me." she mocked seeing the penis. He blushes as he shakes his head, muffling, "I'm not that small."
She grinned and started ramming inside his mouth till the tip touched the back of his throat. "Oh fuck yeah!" He grunted and moaned as the submissive feeling flowed inside him. He rubbed his cock harder while trying to lick across her cock while she kept moving her cock deeper inside his mouth. He moaned louder from the sweet pleasure as he stopped rubbing, feeling close to climax. 'Can she make me climax with just me sucking?' he wondered. "FUCK! Take my sperm you bitch!" she growled out slamming inside him faster. He moaned as he felt thick warm seed spilling into her mouth. He moaned out from the taste as he cums onto the ground, some getting on Nidoqueen's legs.
Said girl panted and slowly pulled her cock out while wiping the sweat from her forehead. "H-how was it?" he asked blushing and looking away embarrassed. "Not bad, but you spilled some." she held her foot out to him. "Clean it." He blushes at the sight of some of his cum on her foot. To her orders, he moved forward and started licking her feet, with her grinning all the way. "I noticed you left your hand off your cock."
He blushed and nodded while making sure not to leave a drop left. "Did you seriously cum just from sucking my cock?" She asked, sporting a devious grin. "If so, you must be one big pervert." He was embarrassed at the domineering Nidoqueen's words, but finds himself nodding in agreement. "That is correct. You're cock and cum tasted so good." "Alright, now it's time you take the rest of your pants off and lay on your back." The Nidoqueen smirks as he unbuttons his pants and took it off, leaving his lower body bare and lay down on his back, the shemale looking him over. "Heh, I can imagine you in a little skirt. No one would ever see you like a guy with it."
He blushes as he started to picture it, his cock twitching a bit. "I wonder if you're really a Nidoqueen like me, just trapped in a Nidoking's body?" she giggled teasing him. "After this, I'm going to have fun dressing you up like the little sissy you are." she moved her foot over and started rubbing it against his cock. "Ah-ahhh!" he moans from the soft foot rubbing it back and forth. "I'll even turn you into my own personal pet and make you crave every part of me." she grinned feeling her cock get harder hearing his moans.
He shudders from the feeling and started to blush red from the words and idea, "T-that's.." he was having a hard time finding the right words to say. She pulled her foot off his cock and got on her knees before spreading his legs. She grinned at seeing his purple ass twitching and pulsating. She rubbed her cock against his hole teasingly. Reaching her hands to his cheeks, she gave them a squeeze, feeling them soft as they kneaded in her palm. "You have a woman's ass as well." she told him. "It's just begging for me to turn it inside out."
He blushes as he smiles, "Thank you for saying that." he said looking at her. Then let out a gasp feeling the tip rub against his hole. "So you're going to put it in me now?" he smiles shuddering at the idea. "Not just yet. I want to know something from you.." she said, leaning down on top of him. "What?" "Do you want this? Do you like the idea of dressing up like a girl. Desiring to suck cock and get fucked in your female ass?" She asked lust lingering in her tone. "How about being treated like a cumdump that only gets off serving others?"
His breathing quickens as he said. "Yes… I do." "Then beg for my cock." she said pushing a bit, but not enough to penetrate. "I want you to say, 'Take my slutty ass. Turn me into a sissy, crossdressing, horny boytoy who desires my seed inside your body.'" she whispers in his ear. "Take my slutty ass! Turn me into a sissy, crossdressing, horny boytoy who desires your seed inside my body!" he cried out loud, enough for it to echo through the forest."With pleasure~." she said as she started to push his tip harder, the tip sliding into his hole.
Both groaned as she slowly moved her hips to push in deeper. "Ohhh you're so tight! Tightest I ever fucked." she groaned as she pushed in as much as she could. "I can feel your whole body clenching all around my cock like the little slut you are." Nidoking shudders as he blushed. "I know, you took my… maidenhood?" he asked pausing a bit. "That's right, I took your asspussy's virginity." she growled before pulling back and slammed back inside all the way. Nidoking moans out in pleasure as he hugs around Nidoqueen, "C-can you hug me too?" he asked.
She grinned and wrapped her arms around him while moving her hips faster. "Of course my little boy toy." He shudder from the tone of voice and the feeling of her arms around him. He felt… protected, safe in her arms. He moaned louder as he tried moving his ass into her own thrusts. 'I feel so warm.' he thought as tears filled his eyes, flowing down his face. 'I never felt so contented, so happy. It just feels natural, like I'm meant to do this… for a long time.' he look at Nidoqueen's pleasured smiling face. "More!" "Oh, you want more huh?" she grinned at the words. "Then call me by the proper title." "Proper-hah-title?" he asked, moaning from the large cock thrusting in his asspussy. "What, ah! Is it?"
She grins a powerful grin. "Call me your mistress." she ordered. She started moving slower. "Or I won't fill your ass up." He shuddered as he slowed down, the submissive part inside of him screaming to do it. He shivers, "More, mistress.." "Louder." "Cum inside me Mistress." he said to her. "Please, give me every drop of your sperm." She smiled as she started to go faster and harder. "Now that's more like it pet." He shudders as the force of his mistress shakes his body. "Fill me with your strong sperm Mistress. I want you to claim me, to own me, to show every pokemon that sees me that I'm your property." he moans for his mistress's approval.
"I'll claim you, and I'll make sure you can't live without my sperm!" she grunted slamming in deeper. He cries out in happiness, and he feels himself close to cumming. "Mistress, I'm about to cum. What is your orders?" he asked moaning. "Don't cum until after I fill you up." He nods his head. "Yes, my Mistress." he focuses his mind to hold back the pleasure. Which was hard as he felt the tip of her dick touch the back of his prostate. Despite that, he held on. Determined not to disappoint his dear mistress. He felt the pressure bubbling up and groaned to try and keep it down. 'No, I must not let my mistress down!' he thought as he focus his thought on non pleasurable thoughts. "I'm gonna cum!" she grunted.
He hugs her closer, "I'm ready my Mistress, Unload all your strong cum inside me." She let out a loud cry before her cock twitched and she started filling his rectum with her seed. It was warm and thick as the Nidoqueen continues to unload her seed inside of him. She hummed while the Nidoking groaned and felt his own climax nearly out. "Mistress, It's starting to hurt." he told her, twitching and struggling to hold back still. "Please, let me cum." She noticed her orgasm subsiding as the Nidoking's stomach was expanded from the amount of seed inside him. She smiles as she said. "You did good my boytoy, you may now cum."
He nodded before moaning as his cock twitched and started showering his cum up and over them. It stained them both white as Nidoking panted as he finally receives his climax. He felt Nidoqueen pull out of him with a pop. He forced his asshole closed so that none of her seed can leak out of his ass. "Alright, now that was interesting." she panted with a grin. "What do you mean?" he asked looking confused. "Because from now on, I have a little slut that will do whatever I say, or no more sperm."
He giggles as he sat up carefully, to not spill any of his mistress's seed. "Of course my Mistress. The deal is complete. My body and soul belongs to you for all eternity." he said bowing his head. "Good, just get our clothes and follow me to my house. I'll bring some friends over." He nodded his head and got their clothes and got up. "What do you think of your Boytoy's body, looking like this?" he asked cutely, showing his body with his cum filled belly. "Perfect, the guys will go nuts on you." She said approaching him and rubbing his bloated belly. "Or I should say, nuts in you."
Nidoking blushed at the closeness of them, feeling the warmth of her body and the soft succulent lips his mistress have. 'They look so full and kissable.' he thought daydreaming how they feel on his lips. "Come along pet." she turned and started walking. He snapped out of it and started walking alongside him, staring at her face smiling, lips quivering. 'So beautiful.' She turns and noticed his face. "Something you like to ask?" "Uh? Oh no, it's nothing." he shook his head. "You want to ask me something. So ask." she said. "Now." she ordered in a firm tone.
He shudders as he opens his mouth. "Uh… Mistress… May I… Can you kiss me on the lips?" he asked. "It's one of my last desires to try." "Oh, is that it? Go ahead." He blushes as he moves to her Mistress and hugged her softly. Then he moves to her face and kissed her fully on the lips. She replied by kissing back while brushing her hand against his cock, which gives him a soft moan for her. She broke it and smirked. "Just remember to kiss each cock you taste from now on." He smiled and nods his head. "Yes, my Mistress." They then continued to walk,


M Nidoking X ShM Nidoqueen part 2

M Nidoking X ShM Nidoqueen Part 2 Contains m Pregnancy, M Birth, M breastfeeding.

* * *

Morning comes and shines through the window, waking the Nidoking. He slowly sat up and winced feeling his sore ass. He had quite a last night, he was servicing his mistress when the door knocks and the Nidoking opened it to see a number of pokemon had visited. "Yo, this the right place?" asked a Machoke looking over the Nidoking. "Uh what do you mean?" he asked confused. "We were told by our friend she had a new toy we could try out." spoke a Zangoose. "And judging by the appearance and the unfamiliar face we see. You must be that toy." The Typhlosion spoke next.
The Nidoking was wearing a sparkly blue dress his Mistress bought for him. "You a guy?" "Yes, I'm a guy." The Nidoking nods. "Mmm, been a while since we banged a guy." growled a Luxray. "And he's such a cutie." A Ursaring added with a grin. The Nidoking blushed and turned to the Nidoqueen. "Mistress, were you expecting these pokemon?" "Of course, you'll be serving each of them after all." The Nidoking blushes as he smiles, his cock hardening. "Will you be watching us?" "Yup, but they'll be stretching all your holes out for hours." "I know, but I promise that I'll be tight and ready for your when ready, Mistress." he promises.
She nodded and turned to the males. "Come inside and make sure to give all your seed to him." Nidoking smiles as he turns to them and started to rub his body through his red dress he's wearing. "I'll make sure to wring out all your sperm." The Male's grinned as they approached the dancing poison type, who starts to lift up his dress. His cock was standing up already with his tail twitching in eagerness. "Let me know what you want and I'll send you on a blissful ride." he grins taking off his dress and showing his body in full view.
The males grinned with their cocks showing as they surrounded the poison type and started grabbing all over his body. "No place is off limits." he said smiling from the feeling. Then gasped feeling two rub his cock while others started fingering his ass with eagerness. "Like my ass hm? Enjoy it and squeeze my cheeks. Tell your friends how they feel." "I'm going in first." spoke the Typhlosion rubbing his dick against the asshole. He places his hand on his cheeks and squeezes them, "Nice and soft. So these are the famous woman's butt I heard?" He said grinning as Nidoking shakes his ass in Typhlosion's palms. "Don't hold back and give me all you got."
The fire type grabbed the Nidoking's chest and thrusted in with all he had. This made Nidoking moan out before he started feeling the Typhlosion move in and out in a vigorous pace. "Mm, huhh, ohhh, mmph.." Nidoking moaned out as Typhlosion's hands moved to his hips. He felt his head moved down and found a cock shoved into his mouth. He moaned and sucked on it in response as he grinded his ass to the fire type's hips. "Fuck, his mouth is just right." groaned the Luxray. Hearing that brought joy in him as he sucked harder to the cat's cock. "Don't forget about us." spoke the Zangoose with the Machoke nodding as their cocks were fully erect.
He heard them and wondered about this. He looked at mistress for ideas. "Use your hands." He nods as he moved his hands up, being supported by the fire type and placed his paws on the remaining cocks and rubs them. The two groaned before the two in his ass and mouth started moving faster. Nidoking smiles as the familiar feeling of heat flows through him. Causing him to suck harder and tighten his ass. "Damn! I'm gonna cum!" grunted Typhlosion. "Me too." Luxray moaned. "Drink it all slut!" The Nidoking nods his head to the luxray, pushing his head in all they way. Soon they groaned as the seeds shot down his throat and into his ass.
Nidoking moans as she swallows down all he's gotten, doing better than his first time. The two slowly pulled out while panting. Nidoking lick his lips from the taste as he still rubs the two's cocks. "Which one of you wants to try now?" "Zangoose?" Nidoking turns to the ferret. What he got was the normal type pushing his cock inside the tight mouth. He moans as he turns his attention to the fighting type, wiggling his ass. Machoke moved over and started pushing his cock up his ass without waiting.
He moans onto the Zangoose's cock, consumed in bliss of the pleasure they're giving him. 'This is amazing!' His cock was throbbing as he was reaching his hand to it to rub his shaft. "No touching yourself." ordered the Nidoqueen in a firm tone. Nidoking whimpered, but moved his hand away in respect for his Mistress. He tried bobbing his head with the Zangoose's thrusts while the Machoke reached down and started pinching his nipples. He moans at the pinching as he pushes back to his thrust. 'More… Give me more!'
As if hearing him, both started going even fast to the point they picked him off the ground. Nidoking was impressed with their strength as he just lays there, arms down limp as they use his body like a cheap sextoy. 'I've never felt this good before!' Nidoking's cock started twitching in preparation of a climax. 'Sweet, sweet climax…' Nidoking thought. "We're gonna cum!" grunted Machoke. "Be sure to drink it all down, purple bitch." Zangoose growls lustfully. Both slammed inside him one last time before unloading their sperm inside him.
Nidoking moaned in bliss as his cock throbs and sprays his seed on the ground. He felt them put him back on the ground and dropped down on the floor while panting as his sprayed across the floor. He lay there panting in the pool of his own sperm, smiling as some leaked out of his mouth and ass. "I didn't say you could cum." whispered Nidoqueen who crouched down near his face. "Huh? I never heard you say I couldn't cum." he said to her, looking confused. "Oh? So you want to cum whenever you want?" she reached down and pinched one of his nipples. "Ah!" he winces from the pain and pleasure. "Now, what do you say?" "I'm.. I'm sorry." he said whimpering. "Sorry what?" "Sorry Mistress." he said correctly looking downward. "Good boy." she patted his cheek.
He smiled at the patting. Then they two look at the four males. "Wow what a good slut!" "His ass was great!" "Think we can play with him again?" "I'll be coming here again." Praises sound the room as the four thank her and they headed off. "Wow, one night and already you're a pro." "It's because you trained me Mistress." He tries to sit up as he said that. "Now what?"
Nidoqueen thought as she tapped her finger. "While I'm still upset you came without permission, you got all those praises and cheers. I suppose I can oversee the mistake and give you a reward." "Like what?" "Lay on your back first." Nidoking gladly obliged. He look up to see Nidoqueen crawling towards him, licking her lips like a predator stalking its prey. He shuddered while feeling his body tingle in eagerness. "I'm ready for your wonderful cock Mistress." he murrs as he spreads his cheeks in preparation. "Good boy, but that's not what I'm after." "Then what?" he asked.
He got his answer as he shudders as he felt a lick running up his cock. "Ah, mistress!" "For a few months I noticed you always cum from me or others, but no one has once sucked you off. It's seems to be a crime to not do so." She said cooing like she's comforting a baby. "So your reward is me sucking your cock." Nidoqueen blushed at the words. "Mistress no, my cum's not worth being drinked by someone as wonderful as you." he said, but his cock twitches at the idea of her mouth taking in his big dick. "If you don't accept it, I'll lock your cock up in a cage and make sure you don't have a single cock for a month."
His face paled at such a punishment, he couldn't last a month without his mistress's cock or semen inside him. "So you were saying?" she asked her lips nearing the tip. "G-Go ahead mistress." She smiles as she said. "Cum whenever you're ready." she said as she takes in his tip. He gasped and moaned as she slowly bobbed her head up and down. He twitches as his master's skilled tongue licked around it and sucked it gently. "Mistress! I'm cumming!"
She heard his voice and the him squirt his seed into her mouth. She waited till he stopped twitching before pulling her head up. She opened her mouth to show him his seed before slowly swallowing it. "You let it out already? I know I said cum whenever you're ready and you're still light when it comes to sex, but I hoped you hold on a bit until I could have a little fun." Nidoqueen said, looking a bit sad at it ending to soon. "Sorry mistress." he said looking downward. She move forward and rubbed his cheek. "It's okay. It's meant to be a reward afterall. You tasted sweet by the way." she said licking her lips.
He smiled at the kind word, feeling her rub the red collar around his neck. "Although until I can have as much fun as I can. I'll be training you to hold back your orgasm." she announced. "Yes mistress." "But it's bedtime now. Let's get some sleep." she said helping him up. "Um.. where will I be sleeping Mistress?" The two have their own room unless she would like some company. "You'll be sleeping with me tonight." He responded by rubbing his head to her sides. "Thank you mistress." "Of course pet."
The two reached the room and the Nidoking climbed into the bed, facing where her mistress would rest. She climbed in and pulled the covers over them. "May we cuddle my mistress?" he asked with begging eyes. "I don't see why not." He blushes red as he feels her hold him and bring them close, holding him in her arms. "Oh, I feel so safe and warm." "Just remember, tomorrow, I won't be so nice." she growled with lust. He shudders as he heard her voice. "I'll take you whenever you ask." he smiles. "Good, now get some sleep." He nods as he closes his eyes.
(Timeskip)
Nidoking moaned out as his dick sprayed his seed all over the floor. He panted as he tried to catch his breath from holding in his climax. His belly was noticeably larger as his mistress slid her cock out of his ass. With that, he lay on the floor, panting as he groans illfully. "How do you feel?" she asked, noticing the different kind of groan he made. "I don't feel so good. I feel like my stomach doing backflips." he said groaning. 'Felt like this for a few days now." "Well your belly has been large for some reason, and I don't think it's fat."
He shakes his head. "It's gotta be Mistress. I have been having strange cravings lately." he said moaning. "What else?" "Well I had felt a little tired lately. It's a work to get up and serve you lately mistress." he added. "And what else?" "I also noticed." Nidoking has placed his hands on his breast, "My breast have swollen a bit and my nipples are more sensitive and tingly." he rubs them a bit, stiffening a moan. "Wow, it sounds like you might be pregnant."
Nidoking stutters a bit from the words. "Pregnant? Me being pregnant?" he asked not believing. Nidoqueen nodded. "Forgive me Mistress, but that's ridiculous. I'm a male and males can't get pregnant." he said looking at her. "I wouldn't say that. I know a cousin who actually had a son who ended up pregnant." He shakes his head. "It can't be true." he said thinking about it. "Probably just some rumors spreading to get attention or something." "Well, let's go to a doctor and ask him then." "Okay, but I need to use the bathroom first." he said getting up a bit slowly.
Nidoqueen helped him stand up straight. "This is the sixth time you had to go to the bathroom." Nidoqueen pointed out. "Sorry." "Frequent bathroom breaks is also a possible sign." she said as she helped him move. "After you go, we're going to the doctor." "Yes mistress." he said as he closes the door. 'It's impossible. A male can't get pregnant… right?' he thought to himself as he sat down.
At doctor's office.
Nidoking and Nidoqueen were in the doctor's room waiting for the results. The Hypno came back in with a clipboard. "What's the results doctor?" Nidoqueen asked. "Simple, he's pregnant." "What?" Nidoking cried out loud in shock. "It's true, the tests show that you are in fact carrying a child." "I-I don't how how to take this." he said sweating a bit. "Well if you're looking to abort it, you still have time to." "I don't know… I need time to decide." "I understand." nodded the doctor as he walked out of the room.
Nidoking looks down at his round belly and starts to rub it. "Mistress, what do I do? I….we never thought about starting a family" he looks at the shemale. "I'm not quite sure myself." He looks at her. 'I heard raising a family is fun, but the birthing is quite painful…' he thought raising his options. 'But would mistress want a child?' "Mistress… Would you like to start a family?" he asked looking in her eyes. "Well it would be kind of dark to abort it, but can you endure the pain?" "I… I have to." he said looking at the child, rubbing it. "Don't worry, if need be, I'll help fuck you to help ease the pain." she joked hugging him. He smiled, hugging her. "Thank you Mistress."
When the doctor came in to get their decision, he said, "I'll have the child." He nods and telling him to check up at the hospital whenever he needs too, the two headed out, holding each other close.
(Timeskip)
The Nidoking was laying on his bed at home, rubbing his large belly smiling. He let out a gasp as he felt his mistress lick his asshole while rubbing his cock. "Ahh.. please be gentle mistress." "I am." she smirked before pushing a finger up his hole. "Hahh…" he moans in pleasure as he felt the child kick. "Mistress, it kicked." "Oh really? Let me feel." she said smiling as she places her hand on Nidoking's pregnant belly. She felt a few kicks and grinned. "I.. I can't believe it. I'm carrying your child." he said smiling with tears. "Don't worry, when they grow up, me and them can both play with you."
He smiles. "That would be fun… wait you mean normal play right?" he asked. "Maybe~" He blushes at the idea, "Maybe, but either way. You honor me with impregnating me with your child." he smiles warmly. She smiled before pressing their lips together. He smiles as they share a warm kiss. When they separated, Nidoking started to feel strange. He groaned and held his belly. "Mistress…" he moaned as he felt water spill out of his ass. "My water just broke!" "Oh no!" Nidoqueen started panicking. "We can't drive there, we're gonna have to stay here and do it!" "O-okay. W-we might need some towels." he said feeling contractions. "Hold on, I'll get them." Nidoqueen ran out of the room.
Nidoking tried to breathe calmly while trying to endure the pain. 'I can do it… for our child..' A few seconds later she came back and tried cooling down his head. "Th-thank you. I think we should cover the bed with the remaining towels or I'll make a mess on the bed. Nidoqueen started to lay them out as he felt more contractions. "Ngh… They're coming faster!" he told her. He held his belly and moaned out in pain as he felt something moving out. "Just keep breathing and start pushing." Nidoking tried to breathe in while wincing as he felt it coming out. "How is it coming?" "I can see some part of the head, keep going."
He closes his eyes and started pushing more. He felt more reach the hole and groaned out in pain. His butt started opening more as the head appears. "That's it! Keep going!" "Gahh! HAhh!" he groaned as he breathed and pushed again. He took in one more air before pushing with all his might. The pokemon moved forward, the waist, the legs, and last the tail. Nidoqueen carefully picked it up and held it in her arms as Nidoking panted. "Did… did I do it?" he panted. "Take a look for yourself." she moved over and showed the child.
She walked to his sides showing him the bundle with a purple head sticking out. "It's a boy." He panted as he smiles as he reached his arms out to hold him. Nidoqueen held out the child and let Nidoking hold him. He started to cry a bit as he rubs his child's back. "Wait right here." spoke Nidoqueen rushing out of the room. "Huh?" he asked confused as the child started shaking, making noise like it was about to cry. He gently started to rock the child as it started crying. 'Think Nidoking… wait her might be hungry.' he thought. He held his son up to his nipples and prayed it worked.
The child's head moved to his nipple and latched onto it, starting to suckle. It seemed to help calm him down as he tried getting milk. 'It's a good thing that males can lactate too.' he thought in relief. 'A little embarrassing though…' Soon Nidoqueen came back with a camera. "M-Mistress… maybe wait a moment." "Sorry, too cute." she held it up. "Say cheese." "Mistress." he cried out as he looked away as the baby continues to suckle his milk. "Aw come on, it's too adorable." she smiled kissing his forehead and lightly rubbing the baby's head.
He smiled a bit as he looked at her this time. "Mistress, I want another one." "Say cheese." she said preparing another photo. Nidoking smiled as his mistress took another picture. "You two look so adorable little boy toy, and baby mama." she said going and kissing his cheek. He smiled while rubbing his son's head. Their son finished feeding as it started snuggling in his, 'mother's arms.
(Timeskip)
Nidoking was up, looking at his son sleeping in the crib they bought. He reached down and ran his fingers across the child's head. He cooed at the feeling as Nidoking lifted his finger up. "How is he?" asked Nidoqueen walking into the room. "He's sleeping." He said looking at him. "I'm just happy." Nidoking looked at him while Nidoqueen joined him. Amazed and happy at making him and bringing him into this world, then he started wondering. 'He's so cute, but having one child seems... small.'
He turned to Nidoqueen. "Mistress?" "Hm? What is it my little boy toy." she winks rubbing his shoulders. "Can we have another one?" "You mean… make another child?" she asked. "Yes." A smile appeared on her face. "So not only you wanted to be my cross dressing boy toy, you also want to become by breeder?" "Yes mistress." he blushes at the term 'breeder.' "Well, I would be happy making another child. Maybe a daughter for our son." she grinned. "And I can make sure they know the best way to have fun."
The two walked out of the bedroom. "Oh? How so?" he asked. "I wait till they're older, then we show them the joys of pleasure." "Tell me the joys of pleasure?" he asked. "We have sex in front of them." "Hmm.." he felt his shaft twitched. "Now let's get to work right now." She approached him and held him, intending to push him on his stomach. "Wait Mistress. I have a request." "What?" "I always enjoyed when you top me, Missionary, doggy. They were lovely. But I feel like you do too much work." "Oh? Then what do you suggest?" she asked curious.
Nidoking blushes as he said. "I like you to lay on your back. And let me sit on your lovely cock." "Oh? You want to ride me then?" "If you don't mind of course." he blushes. "Alright, sounds good to me." He smiles as she lets him go and she lay on the bed on her back. He crawled over on top and rubbed the tip against his ass. She growled in lust as he touches the tip against his ass. "Are you ready?" "Yes."
Nidoking then squatted down, her tip sliding into his hole as he moans. "I love you. My beautiful mistress." he moans as he goes all the way. "I love you too, my cute little breeding boy toy." she grinned. She reached up and kissed him on the lip,s tongue wrapping as he started bouncing, already dreaming about the family they'll be having.


Erin X May (M Luxray)

Erin X May (M Luxray)
May wants his brother to gain more stamina to evolve, but Erin doesn't want to fight. So he gets an idea on how Erin can get more stamina.

* * *

""Ah! May! Stop that!" cried a Shinx running on all fours as he ran from a swarm of Thunderbolts. "Come on Erin! You have to strike back! You could've use Quick Attack to get to me!" A Luxray said cutting his power. "How do you expect to get strong just from running?" Erin shakes his head. "I told you before, I don't like fighting! I never was interested in that kind of stuff." "Trust me, once you get hooked on fighting, you'll be thanking me for this."
The smaller feline groaned at his brother's words as he finds it hard to believe. "Hmm, I got it! This time, you try attacking me and I'll tell you what's wrong." "Uh… Okay…" Erin said starting to run towards him. He opened his mouth before biting down on his brother's right leg. He tries to put force into it, but a part of him doesn't want it to hurt. "Come on, that barely tickles." frowned May. Erin grumbles as he hangs on to his leg, holding on to him. His body sparked before he tried a point blank Thunderbolt on his brother. Erin felt it hit them both as he realized he forgot to let go. While it didn't hurt him too much since their type, but it still stings. "How… was that?" "Meh, still needs work." shrugged May. "Alright, looks like this is getting nowhere." Erin sighs as he lets go, honestly in relief now that it's over.
May shakes his head. "I just don't get it. We're both twins, so logically we should be equal in power. I just don't get why you don't feel the urge to fight like me." "I just don't like getting hurt, or hurting others as well." he shrugs explaining himself. "Well I don't want you to end up dead because you couldn't escape or fight." frowned May. "But maybe you work on something that can help just as much, and you won't have to raise a paw to them."
Erin looks downward. What his brother said is logical and make sense, but he can't bring it in himself to fight and hurt anybody. "Maybe we can try exercising or something like that." "I got it! We'll boost your stamina." spoke May in revelation. "That way all you need to do is learn to outlast your opponent." "I suppose." Erin shrugged. "And I know just the way to help. I once heard that mating for long periods can really do wonders for stamina." grinned the Luxray. "We just need to find the right female and explain it to her."
The Shinx's face blushes at the idea, "T-that's a little embarrassing when you say it like that." "Well if you find the right one who wants to stick around, then you've got a great partner to practise with and a mate, two Pidgey's with one stone." "Uh… okay. Let's go then." Erin said. 'This plan won't work at all.' Despite what he thought, the two walked through the forest to see if anyone can help. "Hmm, we need a female with muscle and strength." pondered May looking left and right. "What do you think would be good?" "Ah ha! There!" May spotted a Kangaskhan walking around before running towards the normal type. "H-hey! Wait a minute, not her!" Erin cried out running to him.
May doesn't listen as he calls out. "Excuse me miss." The Kangaskhan heard a voice a turn to see to electric types facing her. "Yes? What is it?" "This might seem out of the blue, but how would you like to mate?" The normal type blushes and giggle. "A little forward aren't you?" "Oh no it's not for me, it's for my brother." he turned to said Shinx who blushed at the attention. "H-h-hi." "Oh, well-" "No! My mama!" spoke a baby Kangaskhan popping its head out while frowning at the brothers. "Huh?" the electric types asked in unison. "Mama doesn't need mate, she has me. You leave now." growled the child.
May tries to look calm and explains his brother. "He's not a bad guy. Once she gets to know him, you'll-" he was cut off from the baby hitting him with a rock. "Aiee! Hey!" May cried out in annoyance than pain. "Uh, May? Maybe we should leave." suggested Erin. He looked at the child sticking his tongue out. "Fine." he said as the two leave. "Little brat!" he muttered. "Well, we tried, let's go home." "No! I will find the strong female for you to mate with and build stamina. She must be somewhere in this forest." "May!" he cried out trying to catch up to him.
The Luxray looks around for anyone nearby. "Hmm, maybe her." spoke the Luxray looking at a Charizard drinking from a stream. "No way, she's way too big and intimidating." Erin pointed out. His words fell on deaf ears as May ran towards the fire type. "Excuse me!" The Charizard blinked and turned towards the Luxray. "What do you want?" she asked in a deep, but feminine tone. "Would you be interested in mating?" "Hmm, well you don't look half bad." she said looking over the feline. "But unless you can fit it all in, we might have a problem." "It's not me that I had in mind." May said at first."Then why bring up mating?" she growled.
"Um the thing is…" May paused, wondering if he should continue with this path. "I want you to mate with my brother." "Your brother?" Said Shinx ran over panting. "Ignore...him…." "Huh?" they said to him both. "He's crazy, he wants a strong female to mate with me to build up stamina." blushed Erin. "H-hey!" May cried out shocked. "Sorry, I prefer someone much taller." "...Right." May said slumping, starting to head off. His brother followed as he sighed. "Damn it, we need just one female, just one!" "Look, let's call it a day. We'll just exercise the usual way." Erin suggested. "And the idea was perfect too, we just needed a…." his eyes widened at seeing a Girafarig walking by. "Female!" "Come on May. It's getting awkward." Erin said.
His brother already to the pokemon and got out the main words. "You! Female! Mate! Brother!" "Wha?" she said looking at the electric type. "I need you to mate with my brother." he got out. 'He's so stubborn!' Erin thought. "Sorry, can't. I prefer girls." "Wha?" May asked shocked. "How can you mate with a female?" "Well it's different, but very pleasurable." she started off. May was so stunned he didn't notice Erin grab his tail and start dragging him away. "You finish now?" Erin asked when they're away. "Let's just have dinner and forget about this whole thing." May grumbled at the words, but found that it's getting late. "Alright, let's have dinner." Erin sighed in relief as they headed back to their burrow.
The Shinx noticed his brother's expression. "Look, I appreciate your effort, we'll just exercise and work out. That'll help me get stronger." "I guess." grumbled May eating his berry while looking around the burrow and at his brother. That's when his eyes drifted towards his brother's behind and his eyes widened at realization. "That's it!" "What's it?" Erin asked pausing from eating to ask the question. "We don't need a female! All we need is another pokemon!" "Can you elaborate a bit more?" "Simple. If that female can mate with another female, then a male can mate with a male. And I know just the one." he grinned.
Erin groaned. "Oh no, we're not going outside to look for a male for me to mate with at this time of night!" he said matter of fact. "We won't go out and find one, I will mate with you to help build your stamina." "Eh?" he asked confused at first before thinking about it more. "Eeehhh?!" "Don't worry, I've seen others mate so I know what to do." "That's not why I'm freaking out." Erin said flustered, "I'm your twin brother! Siblings you know?" "So? We know what each other looks like and it's just us two. Plus we won't have to worry about getting pregnant, so really there's no big deal."
Erin is still embarrassed about it, but he does have a point. "I suppose we can do that." "Good, now lie down." Erin took a breath and rolled over onto his back. He blushed as May spread his legs open with his flaccid shaft in the open. "So what do I do?" "First, I need to do this." May leaned down lower where his brother's shaft was and started licking at his hole. The Shinx let out a gasp at the coldness of the tongue. "A-Are you sure this is right?""I don't see anything wrong with this." he said as he licked again. "We need to lube up the hole so it goes in smoothly. So lay still and calm."
Erin nodded before gasping again as the tongue started moving across his hole faster. The gasps eventually turns into moans as May started to push his tongue against the hole. 'Mmm, tasty.' thought the Luxray. He pushes his tongue inside the hole and started lapping the insides. "Ah!" jumped Erin from the sensation. His body shivers from the tongue penetrating his small hole. 'It's a little cold, but it feels very nice.' he thought as he started purring from the pleasure. May heard it and slowly pulled his tongue out. "Alright, that should be lubed up enough." "But it was starting to feel good." Erin whined feeling the sensation leave him. "Well, we need to keep going. So I need you to suck this." May nodded to his red cock.
Erin looked at the cock, "Wow, it's pretty big." he blushed as he got to all fours. He leaned in and took a lick on the tip. "It taste salty." he said. "Wow, your tongue is really wet." Erin couldn't help but blush from embarrassment, and he started licking at it more. He heard a growl from his brother before he felt the cock start moving back and forth in his mouth. "Mmmph!" Erin grunted from the unexpected movement, but kept on licking at the cock. "Damn! I never imagined this would feel so good!" 'That goes for us both!' Erin purrs as his own cock grown to full arousal from sucking. 'I can't believe it actually feels good to suck my brother off!'
Erin pushes further, managing to get all his brother's cock into his mouth. "Gah! E-Erin! We need to focus! I need to help you boost your stamina." "Mmm?" he grunted in confusion. "Stop sucking on me, I think I'm hard enough." Erin isn't satisfied of this, but slid his mouth off his cock. 'Damn, I thought I was gonna blow there.' thought May feeling his cock completely rigid. "Is there anything else?" Erin asked, a tinge of eagerness in his voice. "Yes, now I stick this in your ass and you need to try and resist cumming before I do." Erin's heart started to beat faster at the aspect of this as he nods his head. He turned around and raised his ass towards his brother.
May couldn't help but blush at the sight of his brother's blue lubed hole in front of him. He move forward and climbed on top of him. He rubbed the tip against the hole and gulped. "Ready?" "Yes, put it in me." he said to him smiling. May started to slowly push in and got a groan from himself and Erin. "Nngnn, you're so big!" he grunted as he strives to remain upright. Which was hard since his brother's weight towered his own and his body was tingling from the cock. May gasped as he got half of himself in Erin. "So tight!" That got a happy purr from the Shinx. "T-Thank you." he said catching his breath. "Don't thank me yet, I haven't moved yet."
Erin nodded as he waited impatiently for him to move. He gasped feeling the dick move back before it slammed full length inside him. His paws were shaking from the pleasure flowing through him. 'This feels so amazing! Why was I resisting it at first?' Erin thought groaning. "Ah! I can't stop!" grunted May moving in and out while growling. "Remember, keep from cumming!" "Ah! O-okay!" he said through moans as he strives to endure the pleasure. His cock was rock hard and flopped with each thrust while he tried ignoring the tingling feeling.
He breathed panted breaths in an effort to calm himself down. His brother's thrusts were getting more forceful and made him grip the ground as hard as he could. "Y-you getting-ah, thicker of is it-ngh, just me?" Erin moaned as he asked. "Just. You!" growled May who could feel pressure building up in his cock. 'He must be getting close, cause I don't think I can hold on much longer!' Erin thought as he felt pressure in his own. 'Must not cum! Must not cum!' Despite his struggles, he let out a moaned meow as he sprayed his seed on the ground. Soon after his brother growled before his seed filled his brother's ass.
Erin moaned as it flows through his insides. "So warm." he moaned out in bliss. "Yeah, but I see you came first." remarked May panting as he looked at the ground. "I tried, but the pleasure was just too much to endure." he sighed as he looked at his dripping cock. "I guess we need to keep training then." "Damn straight! I'm not stopping until you learn to hold it in for as long as possible." Erin smiled, liking the answer he heard. Then let out a moan as May started to move his cock back in and out again without warning. "Ahhh...Ahh." Erin panted in pleasure as he was fucked hard.
(An hour later.)
May and Erin both panted as the older twin slid out of his brother's ass with a large amount of semen pouring out of it. "You tired?" Erin asked, turning around to see him. "Y-Yeah…..you did it….I kept cumming, but you managed to cum less than me…." he said sounding proud. "How are you doing? You must be as tired as me." "A little bit." yawned Erin. "Only a little?" he asked sound a little surprised. "Damn, guess this helped with stamina more than I thought." "Seems that way, though it seems we need to keep this up if I'm to evolve." Erin said. "Rest first, then we can resume." panted May as he lay down on his back.
Erin smiled at the words, but he still feels an itch in him. 'I took it in my ass, but I never had a taste.' he thought as he saw his brother's cock still hard. "Maybe let me take care of that first." "Nah, I'm beat." May said. Closing his eyes to sleep. Erin sighed, but then thought of something. 'My brother's a pretty heavy sleeper…' thinking that made him grin before walking over and laying down next to him. He listened to his brother's breathing, waiting for him to fall asleep. When he started hearing him snore, that's when he made his move. He moves to May's semi-hard cock and started licking. He felt warm feeling the taste again and started rubbing it with his paws.
He heard May groaning in his sleep, but doesn't wake up. Erin stroke it gently, feeling it throb and pulse as it goes back into arousal. He started to suck on the tip while flicking around it. Erin closed his eyes, starting to purr as he suckle on it, enjoying the familiar taste. Soon he started to bob his head up and down on it eagerly. 'So good.' he thought as he licked all over it. Feeling the thick meat throb in his mouth. He soon felt it start twitching and felt his brother's seed erupt in his mouth. He pushes his mouth all the way on the cock to get all the sperm in his mouth. It flowed into his mouth with some dribbling out.
Erin gratefully swallowed much of his brother's cum, big loads going down his throat. He pulled his mouth off and purred from the taste. "Ahh… it tasted so good." he shuddered at the flavor as he licked his lips. 'This training is better than I ever imagined.' Feeling satisfied for now, Erin curled up near his brother and closed his eyes.
(Next morning)
May groaned as he felt something odd. Like he was surrounded by something hot and tight around his cock with something moving up and down. He slowly opened his eyes to see his brother bouncing on his cock. "E..Erin?" he groaned as he awakes. "Hi May." smiled Erin who didn't stop bouncing. "What are you doing?" he asked, then let out a moan. "Well I've been practicing and rode your cock an hour ago, you came three times by the way." May winced at the feeling, "Don't you think you could've asked when I woke up?" "Sorry, but I think I'm really starting to like this. I couldn't help myself."
He sighs from the situation, but seeing his twin bouncing on his cock like that is cute. 'Looks like I flipped a switch in him.' "Look, can we a least get out and get something to eat first before training?" "Oh alright." He rises off of May's cock and move to your side. May groaned as he stood up. "Maybe go easy when I sleep when you do that." "Okay." he said before giving May a quick kiss on the cheek. His brother was surprised as the Shinx walked out of the burrow. "Wh-where did that come from?" he asked himself, then shakes his head. "He just got caught up in the act." he decided as he headed off.
Both headed out and started collecting berries to eat. "So how did you sleep Erin?" he asked. "Pretty good, but I felt full of energy, which is why I was riding your dick." "That what I expected when I saw you riding me." he chuckled. "Just don't get full of yourself, you still got a ways to go before you can match my stamina." "Don't worry. I'll catch up with you." He promised the Luxray. "And who knows, I might be the one boasting." He chuckled a little. "That's a pretty good joke there." Erin pouted before they headed back to the burrow to eat.


Erin X May (M Luxray) part 2

Erin X May (M Luxray) Part 2

* * *

"I gotta say, I like the new look." May said looking at his brother now a Luxio. "How's it feel to evolve?" "I gotta say, it's a new experience." he stretches himself, "But I feel great. Feeling even more energetic." "You implying what I think you are?" "Huh?" he asked looking confused. "I'm asking if you're planning on making me go for another round or ten." "Why not? It's been working, and it's enjoyable." Erin said, his shaft already hardening. "I swear, you're more horny than an Arcanine." chuckled May. "Can't help it. I'm practically addicted to our romps." Erin said, rubbing May's sides affectionately. "Come on, let's fuck~"
May chuckled, "Alright, let's head on home." he said starting to walk, but finding him not moving. "Come on Erin." "No, I wanna fuck right here right now!" he purrs seductively. He moved over and got on his back with his ass directed towards May. "B-but Erin, we're in a forest. Other pokemon might catch us in the act." he said, though his flaccid shaft is twitching a bit. "So? Other pokemon go at it with others watching, some even join in. So what makes this different?" May blushes at the words. 'Maybe I went into this a little too deep.' he thought. "Come on brother! Don't keep me waiting~." he said mewing beggingly.
May blushed and walked over with him over Erin as he rubbed his cock against the hole. He started to push into the blue crinkle hole while Erin giggled. "Come on, go all in~" He said at first, then gasped loudly as May's thick cock sank all the way inside. "Be careful with what you said. You just might get it~!" May grins lustfully. He slid back before slamming back in and got a moan from his brother. May looked at Erin's blushing smiling face. "You still have that cute face even as a Luxio." he teases. Erin blushed harder hearing that before moaning as May started to slam in and out of his tight hole.
The Luxio moved forward and licked the Luxray's neck, purring all the while. "More." May blushed a little from the licking a bit in embarrassment as he does go faster. He groaned feeling his brother's hole since it's always tight no matter how much they go at it. "It silly. You're not eager when it comes to a fight, but you're go for it anytime when it comes to sex. What is it about you perverted kitten?" May asked. "Says the one who licked my cute hole first." The Luxray giggled as he started to go harder, moving lower onto Erin's body. He started licking his belly and got his brother to start laughing. "H-hey stop that, that tickles." Erin giggled as he begged. "That's the point."
The two kept going at it until they both moan out in bliss as they both climaxed at the same time. May's cum coating the insides of Erin with his cum spurting out onto his own body. The two were panting as they smiled in bliss, "You're getting better every day." "Thanks." Erin then smiled as he asked. "Uh.. how would you react if we did had audience?" "Maybe ask if they liked it." He smiled, "Well here's your chance." he said as he looked around. Around the area were various pokemon who seemed to like the show. "So…. how was our performance?" May asked both of them blushing red. "Do it again!" called a Houndour. "Mind if I record it?" A Mawile cried out next. "Can I join?" spoke a Gengar. "I'll pay for a 2 hr show!" An Ampharos called out already holding out some money. "4 hr!" called a Machoke. "8!" a Dragonite said
Soon the whole crowd started calling in for the sex show. "Well, we seem to have options, what do we do?" Erin asked. "Either head back home, or give them what they asked for." "I asked you. I'm cool either way…. Though I wouldn't mind becoming a pornstar." he grins. "You really are a perverted cat." May shook his head. "Takes one to know one." he teases. "Now fuck me~"
(12 hours later)
May panted and dropped to his side while watching his seme flew out of Erin's asshole. Both of them were panting exhaustedly as their furs were drenched in sweat and cum of the pokemon watching them. "No….more…." May got out. Erin was purring in bliss, 'Man that was amazing…' "Need….sleep…" May said before fainting from exhaustion. The crowd clapped and threw more money down before departing. 'Well, at least we're set for a while.' giggled Erin. He look to see his brother passed out. "I guess we're sleeping here."
(Timeskip)
May felt the sun hit his eyes as he woke up from his sleep. He slowly sat up and felt more exhausted than ever before. "Sheesh, boy I'm tired." he sat up and took notice of the body laying on him. The form is much bigger and heavier than before, and the mane is thicker. "Erin, get up." The Luxray groaned a bit before opening his eyes and looking around a bit. "Morning already?" "Let me guess, you couldn't wait and snuck a ride on me while I sleep right?" May asked. "No, I decided to let you rest and focus on sleeping." "Then how I feel so tired?" he asked. "Oh, I got thirsty and sucked you off."
May stared at the newly evolved panther. "It's more or less sneaking sex." "You asked if I rode you, you didn't ask if I sucked your cock. There's a difference." he grinned. "I still cum in my sleep so not really." he pointed out. "Besides, the more you do that, the more I feel drained in the morning." Erin sees this and nod. "Sorry about that." he went to nuzzling his brother's neck deeply while licking it tenderly.
May smiled and patted his head with a paw. Though he noticed he's been acting rather odd lately. 'Every time he evolves and such, he does something like this more and more often. Even when not having sex.' "What do you wanna do today?" asked Erin. "Well it's morning, we ought to go get breakfast." May answered. "But you need to get off me first." Erin look and blushed, "Oh right sorry." he gets off him and stands up."Let's go." May gets up and had to do some stretches to get his muscles going. 'Jeez, I'm sore.' he started walking off. 'Maybe I need to take it easy today.'
As they were moving and eating some berries, May looks at Erin. "How did you sleep last night?" "Like a Snorlax." "Eh.. I feel like one. I guessing you are practically at my stamina now." he said. "More like more stamina." grinned Erin. "Very funny." 'Though that's probably because you keep sneaking sexual moments at night.' "Oh? Wanna try it?" "Maybe later, but to be honest. I think the training is done. You're fully evolved now." smiled May. "I'm proud of ya." "Um.. Thanks." he said blushing from the words. "I'm sure you can get a nice guy or girl now. You certainly got the stamina for it now." May smiled. "Thanks."
"So out of curiousity… do you have a crush on anyone?" he grins as he asked. "Seen any of those females or males you feel like mating with?" "Well there is this one guy I know… He has great stamina, good fur and looks and nice packaging." "Is it a Rapidash? Tyranitar? Rhyhorn?" "No, another Luxray." "But when did you see him? The only one with you….was….me." He turns to see Erin sporting a smile as he was walking towards him."Wait… you don't mean-" "Yup, it's you."
May was blushing deep,"B-but how it happened? It was just training." "Well it was also close bonding time and when you showed me how good sex was, I couldn't get it out of my head." "I'm flattered you think of me like that." he said as the two were close. "But don't you think maybe being with another pokemon would be better?" "I don't want to be with anyone." he said softly nuzzling him. "I want you~. And only you." He blushed as he felt his twin lick his neck slowly, moving upwards. Soon he felt their lips press against each other. 'I never really noticed how much he felt like this…' he thought as he felt his tongue slide into him. He returned the kiss and started pulling him closer with his paws.
They both started purring in joy as they suckle and wrap their tongues around each other. Both their shafts getting harder and harder. They separated their kiss, panting and flushed with arousal. 'I want this, but I feel so beat…' May thought his legs still sore. "This time, I'll be on top." "Huh?" May asked looking surprised. He found himself on his back with Erin over him. "Hold on, at least prepare me okay?" he asked. "Good point." Erin moved down and started to eagerly lap at May's hole. "Hahh…" he gasp out at the cold wetness. "Is this what it felt like for you?"
Erin giggled, "Pretty much." he said as he licked more, even starting to push his tongue in. This got a gasp from May as he started tasting the inner walls. 'This… this feels so great!' he thought as he started purring in pleasure. 'No wonder he loved getting fucked.' Seeing his expression, Erin slipped on out as May whined, "What was that for?" "If you want more, you have to beg." "Wh-what?" he asked shocked about the situation. "I can't do that." "Why not?" Erin asked grinning winking. "Unless you want us to stop altogether?" May shuddered, "I don't want that, but…" he paused unable to finish. "But what?" "Why I have to beg, I never did that with you." "Simple. Consider this a little payback for making me fight you to try and make me stronger when I didn't want to." he grinned smugly.
He shudders at the tone. "A-alright." It stings his masculinity, but he needs this to continue. "Please….fuck me." Erin squeezed his brother's body as he moves his cock near his hole. "One more time." "Please fuck me." "There you go." he said as he started to push onto May's rump. Both groaning with Erin's cock started spreading open his brother's ass. May used his paws to bring his brother close to him. 'He became much bigger as he evolved.' "Mmm, you're so tight!" May blushes from the words. "Well I never done anything like this before." "Time to fix that." Erin pulled back before slamming his cock all the way inside with a growl.
May hissed at the roughness, holding him tightly for support. He grunted as his brother started moving back and forth in him without restraint to make sure he felt every inch of the cock. The Luxray on the ground was panting as his cock was grinding on Erin's belly. The sensation from both places and his already tired body were making it hard for him to hold out. "What's this? You're throbbing this hard?" Erin said teasingly. "You're already going to let it out?" "N-No." he said to him as he starts to endure. 'I can't let my recently evolved brother get the last laugh!' he thought. 'Just try to endure it!'
He then thought of a few things, so he went and started to lick Erin's neck. This got a gasp and moan from his brother who halted his thrusts for a moment. May smiled from his brother's reaction as he continued licking and nuzzling Erin's neck. Erin groaned before he started moving his hips back with a more frantic pace. "Ah! What's with the increased pace?" he asked trying to sound teasingly. "I'll make you cum before me!" grunted the younger twin. "Not while I have this to do!" he said before tightening his Anal muscles and started nibbling Erin's neck. He grunted and felt the pressure getting closer to its peak. 'I can feel it throbbing, just a little more.' May thought as he continues licking and nipping. 'I'll make him cum!' thought Erin.
Erin moved his head down and started to lick May's nipples. This made his brother groan with his cock twitching. "Both your cock and your nipples are hard. So cute." Erin winks. May blushed before crying out as his cock sprayed his seed up onto Erin's chest and tightened around Erin's cock. That caused Erin to gasp and cry out as he starts to climax into May as well. His cock spewed his seed inside his brother who groaned from the hot feeling. 'It's very warm.' May shudder as he held Erin close to felt the seed going for a minute before it stopped and he panted.
"So how was it for you?" May asked blushing. "I think I'll be on top from now on." "Nuh uh, you can get it sometime, but not all the time," May announced. "Care to go again and see if you can keep the spot?" smirked Erin. "What? Again?" "I built up enough stamina to outlast you when you fucked me, so I've got plenty to spare." 'Man, now I know I went overboard with his training.' May thought, but smiled. "I'm not the kind to give up though!" "Good to hear, time for round two." Erin started to thrust back and forth in May's ass. "About the sleeping arrangements. You must ask me to suck or ride before going at it while I sleep okay?" "Sounds fair." he said. "But I can still snuggle with you anytime right?" "Course." May smiled. That got Erin to smile brightly as he went and kissed May without warning. His eyes widened at the move before holding him closer. 'I guess I can let him kiss me anytime too.' he thought purring as he grinds back. 'Though I'll probably be sore for a while after this.'


M Hydreigon X F Sylveon

M Hydreigon X F Sylveon
A kindhearted Sylveon headed off to the waterfall to cool down, but it fails as she realizes she was in heat. When wondering what to do, a Hydreigon stepped in to help her out.

* * *

The sun was beaming down in the forest as a Sylveon was walking down a pathway. She took a deep breath and sighed, "Haaah~... Fresh air and sunshine~" She said looking up at the sky, seeing a few clouds. Then she started to feel a bit warm. She then stretched her body, rearing her bottom up. Her tail lifted upwards as she stretches, unaware showing herself for a moment before heading for a nearby waterfall. She decided to take a wash under it. She use her ribbon feelers to rub her body and such while sighing from feeling the cool water under her.
She then go a little lower. She does felt a little relief, but still felt warm. It was her heat and went even lower. "Ehehehe... Guess I missed the signs somehow." she said as she reached her feelers to her lower areas. She shivered when the tips touched her folds. She can feel a slight wetness on them as she stroke it softly. She moaned at how tingly it felt. "Must've just got into season~." she murred. She then opened her pussy lips wide with her feelers. 0Her face was flushed red as she rubs it faster and herder.
She moaned as her snatch got wetter. "Almost... Almost there~!..." she moans and pants as her body was trembling with her climax closing in. She then screeched out her species name as she spilled her cum out. She panted as she slumped down a bit from her limbs weakening a bit. "Aaahhh~... Just what I needed~!" Sylveon mewled before dozing off. At some distance, a pair of orange eyes as in the shadow of the bushes. A big shadowy figure then licked his lips at the hot scent. "Such a beautiful creature... playing around in the water..." he murred at seeing her starting to lay down. He then come closer to her.
Sylveon was relaxing when she felt something block the sunlight. She then looked behind her to see... A large Hydregion looming over him with a odd hunger in his eyes. "Hello there... can I help you?" she asked, not a trace of fear in her voice. "Huh? What the- Aren't you surprised by my large stature and fearsome looks!?" Hyredigon growled. "No not exactly." she answered shaking her head. Hydreigon just stared at her smile, feeling a bit irked. "Somethin wrong?" she asked confused at his face. "N-No... It's just that I-I've never seen a Pokemon who doesn't flee in terror before." "Oh I see." she shrugged as she got up. "So are you here for the waterfall?"
Hydreigon shook his head and pointed his tail at Sylveon. "Me? What for?" Hydreigon just gulped and felt somewhat hot as he blushed. She looked at him lower and then noticed his hard on pointing upwards. "Oh my~..." Sylveon gasped and placed a paw on her mouth. She smiled warmly as she look up at him. "I'm okay with it. To be honest, I feel quite frisky myself~." "R-Really?" Hydreigon asked with his smaller heads wide-eyed. She smiled as she nods her head at the three headed dragon. She then slowly walks to him seductively. Despite his appearance, Sylveon just waited at her spot as he approaches.
They slowly leaned in at each other's faces. The Hydregion took his tongue and licked at the fairy type's neck. Sylveon giggled as she felt two more tongues at her torso. They were ticklish as she shudder from the feeling. She then looked down to see Hydreigon's smaller heads licking and kissing her body. She blushes at the feeling as she felt the big head moving up her neck. Sylveon breathed deeply and excitedly, knowing what's going to happen next. The Hydregion's tongue reached her mouth as he move forward and kissed her gently.
They kissed each other passionately as Sylveon's ribbons and Hydreigon's heads moved lower at their bodies. They started to touch each other's special areas. Both of them groaned when they reached there. "Wow... you're really big~." she muffles sweetly in his mouth. As her ribbons wrap around his member, starting to stroke it softly up and down. Hydreigon groaned and started licking her wet folds with his smaller heads. She moans and pants from the pleasure she feels. He then wrap his wings around her and move them down on the ground.
She blushes as they separated the kiss and Sylveon looks bashful at the position of being on her back under him. Hydreigon growled sexually as he saw how hot Sylveon was lying down and showing herself. She shudders as she said, "Go ahead, I won't resist you~..." He smiled and rubbed his member at her slit. She winces as he continues masturbating them two, murring at the hot tool. "Mmm~...! I feel so hot~!" "So hot you say?" he asked. He moves his jaw hands to her body and let them lick her. "Augh~! Yes! I want you inside me now~!"
Her tone is tempting him to penetrate her, but he holds back. "You'll get it soon enough." Sylveon frowned and whimpered. "Wha? Why~?" "I kinda like seeing you writhe like that~." he smirks. Sylveon still whimpered as she started to rub herself with her tail. Hydregion moves his jaw hands to lick and tickle her breast and neck. She moaned as she masturbated herself some more. The two felt their climaxes coming as they go faster. Soon, they came hard.
They panted as he lean down and nuzzle her affectionately. "Ready for the main course~?" Hydreigon asked, licking his lips as his member grew back all of a blushes feeling the tip touch her, but nods. He then enters in her labia slowly as this is their first time. She let out a low moan in mix of pain and pleasure as she endures the pain. She then panted slowly as the pain started to go away. She sighs as she gotten more comfortable to his girth. "Aah~... Push in me some more, Hydreigon~!" Hydreigon softly growls, complying as more of his cock slip into Sylveon's pussy, and then he slid out.
She groans slightly in sadness, but moaned more as he thrust back in. The two felt madly in love as they continue mating. She moans louder as the hand mouths started licking her body eagerly and passionately. Hydreigon then surprises Sylveon by kissing her with all three of his heads. She blushes as his tongue tickles her lips, causing her to moan. He also thrusts in her faster. Sylveon kisses him back, moaning as she feels his tongue into her mouth. They passionately make out and shivered in great pleasure. "I'm... I'm about to cum~..." she muffled in the kiss. "Want in~?" He asked as he thrusted in deeper. She moaned at the feeling as she nods quickly.
They then kept going on and on until they finally released their cum in and out of themselves. The floor was stained in their juices as the fairy type held on. They panted and smiled at each other lovingly. "So... are you feeling better?" she asked him panting. "Yeah~... Will you be with me forever?" Hydreigon nodded and asked. "H-huh?" she asked looking shocked. "Urrk...! Sorry, I don't mean to offend you or anything..." He said and apologized. "Uh... no it's not that. It's just so sudden since we just met." she blushed as she shook her head. "And we just mated..." Hydreigon said and looked away. "But to be honest... It was very wonderful and grateful that you helped me through my heat." she smiled. "So... Does that mean...?" "I'll be staying with you.. forever." she smiled nodding her head. Hydreigon was full of joy and hugged her tightly.
Sylveon smiled. "Now that that's done. Shall we head on home?" she asked, starting to get up. Hydreigon nodded and followed her home. As they walked, Hydreigon looked at her and smiled at her beautiful body. He also wondered about starting a family. They were then tired and fell asleep. A few hours later, Sylveon woke up to find him over her, holding on to her body firmly. 'Hm, he could've asked me to cuddle~.' she smiled as she tries to move out from under him, but she felt so warm in his arms.
She shakes her head and proceeded to move, but felt the arms hug her tighter. She then had no choice but to stay like this until he wakes up. but she felt something poking her and she look down to see his cock pulsating. She blushed at how big it was. "Enjoying the sight?" she gasp a bit when she turned to see Hydreigon looking at her smiling. Sylveon giggled at her new mate and kissed him. "I flattered, but don't you think it's a little late for this~?" she asked. "What do you mean?" "I mean how can you be hard when we were sleeping?" "Well, you're close to me and I can only think of you~..." He blushed. "You think of me? What do you think about me?" she asked curious. "Well, you're beautiful, kind and so cute~..." Hydreigon described her, feeling embarrassed.
She blushes, "Sylveon... do you want to have kids?" he asked. Sylveon pondered for a moment but then nodded. He smiled as he started to move over her, his cock position at her pussy. She moaned as it enters her again. "Hope you don't mind, but I plan on going as much as it takes until you're knocked up~." he growls lustfully. "I don't mind~" She smirked seductively. The two moaned as he kisses her again affectionately as he thrust.
(Timeskip)
A baby Eevee was lying on her stomach as she looked at her surroundings. It was a nice cozy cave that's overlook a pleasant meadow. "She's so cute~" Chimed Sylveon. The eevee moved up and rubbed the fairy type's head. Hydreigon looked down at them happily. "Aw it's so adorable. Thanks for starting the family." She then noticed there was a twinkle in his eye. "What is it?" "Well, can we have more kids later~?" She looks at the eevee nuzzing her chest. "I could have more. How many?" "Eh... A few?" She smiled, "You don't sound so sure." "Around 3 or 4. It's just that... Is it okay with you?" Hydreigon asked nervously.
She smiles warmlyy as she nuzzles him. "Sure, let's make as much as you like~." He smiled and kissed her forehead gingerly. "Thank you Sylveon~." They all hugged as a happy family~.


F Mesprit X F Shaymin

F Mesprit X F Shaymin
A Mesprit was playing in a lake she was swimming in before being attacked by Tentacruel before being rescued by a Shaymin. As she thought of a way to repay her heroine, Shaymin does something to give her a idea.

* * *

It was a warm summer day and Mesprit was walking delicately in the grassy fields, her breasts jiggling as she walked. She sighs as she carefully place her foot down on the grass in a effort not to crush any flowers. She then giggled and twirled around until she noticed a small lake. "Aahh, A lake? Gotta check it out!" she said as she headed off towards it. She dipped her foot in it, but then shivered. "Oh, it's cold!" she winces a bit. "Maybe if I move my whole body in quickly, I wouldn't feel so cold~..." She thought and readied herself to jump in. "A-Alright... 3... 2...1..." she counted down.
She then rushed in and jumped high before landing into the lake with a splash. The water rippled for a few moments before Mespirit reappears with her head above the water. Along with her torso as she gracefully came up to get some oxygen. Her breasts bouncing upwards as droplets of water jiggled off her. "Still a bit cold, but not too bad." she said. Mesprit then swimmed around the lake and dived underwater. Since she lived in a lake herself, Mesprit was able to more or less breathe underwater. She giggled as she saw the forms of the rocks underwater and some caves.
She then twirled in the water and made herself spread-eagle, admiring her own exposed body. She blushes as she move her tails to touch her body. Her tails touched her folds and her paws groped her chest. She moans softly as she plays around with her breast and pussy. The cool water increasing the pleasure a bit. "Ahh...Ahh... Haah... Aah~" she moans as she fingers herself. If she wasn't underwater, Mesprit's pussy would be dripping with her fluids instead of flowing out in the aquatic atmosphere. She started rubbing faster and pushing her pussy harder as the pleasure increases.
The oval ruby on her head glowed bright as she was close to her orgasm. She cries out in a sweet voice as a greater amount of fluids mixed out of her pussy. The slightly misty cloud in the water shown it was her orgasmic juices. Mespirit relaxes in the water a bit, enjoying her released, but then she sensed a Tentacruel coming at her. She recovered and turned to the water type. "Oh hi. Passing by?" she asked, quickly flustered at someone else here. The Tentacruel said nothing but used his tentacles to grab all four of her limbs, including her two tails. "Ahh... Hey what are you doing!?" The Tentacruel was still silent when it tickled her body and privates.
She blushes and winces at the feeling, but tries to struggle out of it's grip. Its tentacles then reach for her pussy and opens their lip folds. "N-no, please stop!" she stutters as she sees them approaching her. Suddenly, a Shaymin dived in underwater and was glowing, signifying that she was about to let off a Seed Flare! It struck the jellyfish pokemon in the face as it let go. Before Mespirit can question what's happening, the Shaymin grabbed her and rushed out of the water. They soon lost the Tentacruel and got out of the water.
They reached a clearing as the Shaymin landed and put her down. "Are you okay?" "Yes, thank you." Mesprit panted and noticed the Shaymin glowed brightly. The glow ended as the Shaymin was in her land forme now. Shaymin, now smaller but cuter, shivered. "Brr! That water was so cold~...!" "I'm sorry for that, and thank you for helping me." she said, blushing a bit from the mythical's new form. "That's okay and you're welcome~! I couldn't let a beautiful sexy Pokemon to get raped~" Shaymin bodly stated, which Mesprit giggled at. "Well I wish I could repay my lovely hero, but I don't have anything to offered." she said back, winking.
The grass type nods her head as an idea comes to her mind. "Um~... Could you... Hug and carry me~?" Shaymin shyly asked, fiddling with her leg. "Oh.. okay. Where you want to go?" "Just to be with you~" She smiled as she moved and picked her up. "Like this~?" Shaymin looked up adorably at Mesprit and nuzzled her head in her breasts. Mesprit blushes as she started to walk off, holding Shaymin closely. They soon found a nice-looking bush of Pecha Berries. "Hey, how about I treat you for a snack?" "Okay~!" Shaymin chimed.
She places her down as she started picking some for them two. They then started eating them slowly, savouring the flavour. "Oh these are so good~." Mespirit said murring about the taste. Shaymin moaned in satisfaction as she took a few bite of sweetness. They both smiled as they enjoy their little picnic time. Mesprit then stretched and yawned then saw Shaymin stare at her. "What's the matter?" Shaymin looked down and rushed in to jump and tackle Mesprit on the ground! "Yipe!" she gasp out as they rolled around.
Mesprit was then lying on her back with Shaymin on her chest, her tiny paws grasp on her nipples. "Whoa, what was that for?" she asked a bit blushing. Shaymin just smiled and kissed her in the lips, shocking the Mesprit. "Mmmmph!.." she moaned in surprised at the situation. Mesprit shook her head as their lips were still connected. "C-care to explain." she muffled. "Mmm~..." Shaymin just murred in the kiss as she then snakes her tongue in Mesprit's mouth. Mespirit blushes as it actually feels pleasant, but still asked, "Hey, what is going on?" Shaymin then pulls back with a string of saliva between their mouths. "I think you're pretty and I like you~..."
Mespirit blushes at the words, "Really, but we just met." "But I really like you when you were wandering and dancing around the flowery fields~..." Shaymin nuzzled Mesprit's breasts affectionately. "I was just having a little fun~" she blushes from the feeling. Shaymin wasn't paying attention as she started to lick Mesprit's nipples before sucking on one of them. "Ahh~." she moans in pleasure from the suckling. She then placed one hand on Shaymin's head to keep her sucking and the other hand at Shaymin's own slit. Mespirit felt the warmth of her vagina lips as she started to gently rub the shaymin's folds.
Shaymin moaned at her touch and continued to suck Mesprit's nipple. "Wow... it feels so nice~." she blushes as she continues rubbing. Mesprit then starts fingering her for a bit until she had her paw slide in. 'Good thing my paw is thin enough to slide through her labia~' She thought. Shaymin moans as she suckles and hugs Mespirit like a child to a mother. Mesprit then gets an idea by removing her paw out of Shaymin's vagina and have her two tails enter her pussy and anus. She then has her released paw tickle her own clitoris.
That got a gasp out of Shaymin as she rubs her body alongside of Mesprit. Who kept her paw on Shaymin's head to have her keep sucking her teat. 'She so small that it's very cute~.' Mesprit thought as she let out a moan of pleasure. Shaymin moaned too as she has one paw pinch and tug Mesprit's other nipple. Mesprit rubs her tails deep inside the Shaymin's body. 'Oooh~... I feel so good inside myself~!' Shaymin thought as her moist walls in both her holes were being sexually explored. "Teehee, glad you're enjoying it so far." she said to the grass type, who started sucking her nipple harder and pulled her other one tight.
The Shaymin moaned as she nibble the psychic's neck. Mesprit giggled at the feeling on her neck as Shaymin started to lick it. Mesprit smiled as she moves her hands and started to rub Shaymin's breast. It was small compared to her own but it is also sensitive. Shaymin moans louder from the rubbing. She responds by licking Mesprit's other nipple. "Oohh, wow.." she shudders. Mesprit feels herself being close to lactating and cumming so she groped her own breast, pitching her nipple that was suckled earlier by Shaymin. Said grass type noticed this and wondered what's going on.
So she suckled a little harder. "Shaymin T-this feels so good." Mesprit moaned and felt a little close to herself. "Me too." Shaymin moan out. As Mesprit's tails started to slide inside her two wet holes. The two of them cry out in unison as they reach their climaxes. Their cum sprayed at each other's bodies, drenching them. But that wasn't the end of it as Mesprit's nipples lactated and spilled her breast milk. Shaymin was a little surprised as the milk touched her tongue, It was sweet and creamy to her taste buds. She relaxed as started suckling as she hugs Mesprit close.
Like a baby embracing for a mother and Mesprit holds her firmly and directs her other milking breast at Shaymin. Shaymin smile and latch onto it and suckle. She was being drenched by her milk as she savored the flavor. "It so sweet and creamy." The grass type murrs. "Thank you~" Mesprit giggled. "Now continue drinking now~." She places her head back on her breast. Shaymin nodded and does so.
Soon enough, Shaymin pulled away, letting out a small burp. "So you're satisfied?" She nodded and lowered herself down to Meaprit's crotch. "What are you doing now?" Mesprit asked. Shaymin just smiled at Mesprit. "I want to feel my love with yours~" She then went lower until their pussies were near to each other. The psychic type blushes, "You sure about this?" The Grass-type nodded and presses her vagina at Mesprit's, their lower organs kissing together. Mesprit blushes as she started to push back as well.
Their kissing vaginas were drooling with their pussy juices as they moan at each other's touch between their legs. "I... I never had anything that felt so good before~."Mesprit said. "Me neither~..." Shaymin replied as she rubbed her pussy back at Mesprit's. The Psychic type uses her tails and started rubbing Shaymin's rump. Said grass type tries to spread it wider for her tails to slide in. "Teehee, I wasn't planning on inserting them, just massaging you~." Mesprit pointed out. Shaymin giggled and grinded her snatch at hers. "Trying to tempt me~?" Shaymin's face between Mesprit's breasts showed a naughty look with her tongue sticking out. 'I'll take that as a yes~.' Mesprit throught as she kept rubbing the cheeks, but then she moves her paws at her breasts and squishes them between Shaymin's face and cheeks.
"Mmmph~..." The grass type murrs out from the squishing. "Do my boobs feel soft and warm against your cheeks~?" Mesprit teased Shaymin, making her lips pucker up from her breast-squishing. The blush appears on the grass type's face as she grinds against Mesprit's pussy harder, and the Lake Guardian of Emotion grinds back harder and rougher. "Enjoying rubbing my pussy are you~?" Shaymin asked giving her a wink. "Oh yeah~...! Your pussy lips feel swollen and wet~!" "What about you~?" Mesprit asked. "Aah~! Yeah~! Your vagina feels amazing as we're pussy-kissing together~!"
The two moan louder as their limits were fast approaching. "Mmm~... Gonna cum~!" They both shouted out as they kept on rubbing their vaginas. Shaymin climbed up and nuzzled her softly in the neck, but still keeping their pussies kissed. The two moan out in bliss together as they squirt their juices for each other, drenching their lower regions. Shaymin and Mesprit panted before the psychic type fell on her back, taking Shaymin with her. Mesprit hugged her tight like a plush toy as she curled up into a ball. "Mesprit... you okay?" Shaymin asked, feeling herself being gripped tighter. "Hah... Hah... Yeah~... It's just that I've grown so attached to you~" Mesprit panted, giving her a quick kiss.
Shaymin giggled. "Even though we just met so soon~." Mesprit giggled back. "Yeah~! ... So where will you be going now?" "I merely explore, not really staying in one place for long." Shaymin answered. "Oh... Why not stay at my place as my pet~?" Mesprit suggested. "A pet~?" Shaymin giggles. Mesprit nodded. "And~... Maybe you can cling on my chest, butt or hips~" She blushes at the idea. "Sounds like a pleasant idea. Although I would like to stay with you as a mate as well?" "Uh-huh~!"
Mesprit nodded and asks. "Also, I've two of my brothers coming over so could you maybe help me with my chocolate fountains~?" "Chocolate fountains?" "Yup, don't you like chocolate~? I've got milk, dark and white~" Mesprit explained. "No, I'm asking what's this about chocolate fountains?" "I'm having a reunion with my bros~ You can join in too if you like." "Um... sure thing." she smiled. Mesprit squealed excitedly and picks her up to have her cling onto her chest with Shaymin's front paws holding on to her nipples while her hind legs wrap around her waist. Shaymin blushes as Mesprit starts to move. 'Can't wait to see what this fountain thing's about~.'


Male Raichu X Male Lopunny

Male Raichu X Male Lopunny
Needing to release some sexual urges, a Raichu sets his sights on a feminine Lopunny, but in the mids of it, he discovers the Lopunny's big secret.

* * *

Raichu groaned as he walked out of his burrow while looking at the ground. He sighs as he looks around, seeing a number of couple looking pokemon around. Sitting in park benches, walking around, all cuddling and laughing at each other. Raichu just sighed while feeling lonely. So far in the past few months, he had been unable to get with any females since he was always lucky with having at least one each week. He was so use to it that when the last one left, he was stuck with how to pleasure himself and hadn't been as lucky in finding a new female.
He went to a strip club last night because it's usually the easiest way to hook up with girls… But as luck would have it, all the girls were taken, leaving him with the other males who either waited or just got drunk to make the night go by. And seeing how he didn't drink much, he just went home. He sat on the park bench, sighing in frustration. "How am I supposed to hook up with a girl, when it seems all of them seems to be taken?" he asked as he sees his cock starting to twitch a bit. 'Great, figures it comes out eager to get inside something, but there's nothing for me to fuck!'
Raichu's shoulder's sagged, 'Guess I'll just head home and deal with it.' he thought as he prepared to get up. But stopped when he spotted a lone Lopunny sitting near the fountain. 'I didn't notice the Lopunny sitting there.' he looked at the normal type and grinned. 'Time to make my move.' He got up and started to walk to approaching the rabbit. He sat down just as the normal type noticed him. "Is this seat taken?" he asked the brown rabbit. "No, you're welcome to it."
He smiled as he was next to the rabbit. "So, what's a cute thing like you doing all alone here?" "Oh, I was just enjoying my time at the park, watching people pass by." she smiled, inching towards the electric type. "What's a handsome guy like you doing here?" "Oh no reason, just passing by." he answered, starting to inch his paw to her thigh, rubbing it sensually. "Mmm, well, wanna pass by somewhere more private?" she asked with a giggle and a flutter of her eyes. "Just a simple, quiet place where could entertain ourselves." "Hmm, I don't know, I was actually planning to head on home." he grins eyeing the Lopunny's feminine look. "Come on, I promise you it'll be a moment you won't be able to forget." The bunny said poking the mouse's hardening member. "Please? For me?" she fluttered her eyes with a pleading look.
He blushes at the Lopunny's gaze. "Maybe I can spare a moment… for a lovely bunny like you." he said moving to rub it's sides. "Great." the Lopunny stood up and started leading the way with Raichu following and staring at her ass. He grins and reaches forward to give it a quick pinch. It made the Lopunny jump who looked at him and winked before they kept walking and letting him rub her ass. 'Wow, her ass is very soft.' Soon he saw her leading him to a small cottage in the woods. "You live here? It's very peaceful looking." he said looking over the cottage. "Just wait until we get inside~"she chimes as she opens the door and offered him inside.
He walked in while she shut the door and found himself lead to the rather large bed inside."Wow, very elegant." he complimented as he sat down. That's when the Lopunny got down and started rubbing his cock. He moans from the softness of the paws as the rabbit made careful, skilled strokes. "Wow, you're so big." The Lopunny murrs softly as the cock started to grow into arousal. She leaned in and took a lick on the tip. He shuddered from it as his breath started to quicken from the pleasure. 'Damn, I can't lose focus! Just stay calm and let her do her thing.'
She licked a few more times, she started to slowly open her mouth and take in the tip. "Ah!" jumped Raichu since it had been WAY too long since he had a blowjob. "What's wrong? Are you okay?" Lopunny asked while rubbing her paw up and down the cock. "I'm alright, you can keep going." he said. She nodded before she started taking in his whole cock in her mouth in one go. He groaned from pleasure as it has been quite a while. He put a paw on her head while lightly thrusting his hips. The rabbit let out a giggle as it licked around the length while sucking on it softly. She moved a paw under and started rubbing the Raichu's balls.
He shudder as it felt so wonderful, the rabbit noticed this and moves its head off the length. "You want to move on to something better?" "Oh big time." he grins as Raichu answers. Lopunny moves next to him and places its upper body on the bed, the bunny's ass at the edge. "Fuck me raw." He got up, 'Maybe I'll take her ass first, then move to her pussy.' he thought as he started to lean over Lopunny. He rubbed his cock against the hole and got a light moan from the normal type. "Already so eager…" he chuckles as he started to press his tip at the hole, getting inside it. Both groaned with the Raichu louder since he had been away from this feeling for so long.
He moved back a bit, then thrusted in all the way. "Ah! You're so tight!" "Ah! You're so big!" He smiled as he started to thrust in rhythm, holding the bunny's chest area. 'Hmm, kind of flat. Must be a late bloomer or something like that.' "Come on, faster!" Raichu smiles as he gripped the rabbit tight and started going faster and harder. 'Ah! How I've missed this!' He felt his limit coming as he was thrusting to the point of shaking the bed. "I'm about to cum!" "Do it inside!"He grunted as he thrust the few more times and thrusted in as far as he could and cried out loud. His dick twitched before he started cumming inside the rabbit. He unloads everything he has as he holds onto Lopunny for support.
He panted while feeling so relaxed it wasn't funny. "Ah man, I needed that." he panted smiling in bliss. "Mmm, nice." purred the Lopunny. "I think it's time for the grand finale." Raichu said, pulling out of Lopunny."I couldn't agree more." the normal type spoke in a more masculine tone. "Huh?" Raichu got out. 'Am I hearing things or did her voice change?' Lopunny stood up and faced Raichu with a large hard cock standing up. The electric type's face froze up, a drop of sweat falling off his face. "That wouldn't be one of those realistic looking strap ons would it?""Touch it and find out."
He looks flustered as he shakes his head. "Uh… no thanks. I better go head on home now." Raichu said turning around to walk off. "Hold on there." spoke Lopunny grabbing Raichu's tail with a lustful glint. "It's my turn." "I'm not interested in guys." Raichu argued back. "Oh? But you are into Lopunny's who are willing to put out?" "But that was because I thought you were a girl." he blushed embarrassed about it. "Well it's only fair to return the favor, or do I gotta really get you into this?""I…" he blushes as he look at the Lopunny's cock. It stood tall and was three times the size of his own and looked like it belonged to a Rapidash. "It just looks so big." he muttered blushing."And tasty?" Lopunny added.
Raichu shudders as he starts to approach the male rabbit. 'Just do it to return the favor.' he got on his knees and felt his pride break at seeing the girth easily outclassed him. "S..so what sould I do?" he asked. "Lick it." Raichu groaned, but inched close to the cock, easily able to smell the musky scent of it. He still felt uncomfortable, but moved forward a took a light lick of it. "It tastes… salty." he murmured. "Come on, more." spoke the Lopunny with a grin. Raichu moved his tongue and started licking it more. All the while the musky scent drifted into his nose.
'The musky smell is so strong…' he thought as he licks more and more. "Mmm, keep on going." He moved upward and started to lick at the tip. That's when the Lopunny grabbed his head and started to push the tip into his mouth. The mouse grunted from the surprised action, but thankfully the Lopunny didn't kept going down. But he did started thrusting the cock back and forth inside his mouth. Raichu grunted and moaned as his tongue moved around the length in reflex. He started to feel his own cock get hard. 'My cock's… getting hard again?' he thought. "Mmm, been a while since I found a nice tight mouth." grunted the Lopunny.
Raichu started to rub the rabbit's balls with his paws, groping them and squeezing them. 'I can't believe I'm actually doing this.' He looks at the Lopunny's pleasured face. 'Although… it isn't as bad as I thought it would be.' he blushed as he thought that. "Alright, keep going." He nods as he started to lick and suck him much more. Soon he felt it twitch before he felt gobs of hot sperm shoot inside his mouth. He shuddered and felt his cheeks bloat out. He had to pull off while more spurted out over his face.
He panted as he swallows what was in his mouth. "H-how was it?" "Awesome, I haven't had an orgasm like that in months." "Um… thank you." Raichu blushes at the words. "But we're not done." "Huh? What else is there?" he asked before gulping as he realized. "Wait...you mean…" The rabbit grins, "Seems fair, don't you think?" "B-But I never had someone….back there." he blushes as he continues. "Plus you're much bigger than me." "Trust me, I once got this inside a Nidorino, so it will fit."
Raichu blushes, but doesn't resist as the Lopunny moves to him and picks him up in his arms. He was carried over and laid on his back before the normal type moved down near his ass. "Um… if we're going to do this… at least be careful okay?" he blushes as he looks downward to the cock near his butt. "No prob." Lopunny grinned as he started to push the tip against the hole. Raichu grunted as it started to hurt a bit because of the large size and his ass not familiar with this. He tried to breathe in deeply as it kept pushing inside him.
The electric type gritted his teeth as he felt his ass getting wider from the size. "T-Too big!" He stops for a moment for the Raichu to catch his breath. "Damn, maybe I should have lubed you up first." "Just… give me a minute." he breathed out. 'It's huge!' Raichu panted until his breathing calmed down a bit. "Okay… you can continue." Lopunny grinned and slid back with a groan before pushing back in with both groaning. Raichu grunted and groaned at the large cock going back inside. He felt his own cock twitching from the penetration. "It's stretching out my body!" "You want me to stop?" Lopunny asked, sounding concerned for him. "No...but I never had a cock inside me before."
Lopunny held Raichu. "I'll be a gentle as possible." he promised as he started moving again. "Mmm, your ass is so tight!" Raichu panted and moaned, his cock throbbing under Lopunny. He gasped feeling the large cock move in and out of him with his cock rubbing against his stomach. He hugs the normal type closely while panting heavy breaths. "More…" Lopunny looks at him. "You sure?" Raichu nodded. With that, the bunny started to move faster into the Raichu's ass. All the while feeling the ass get tighter and tighter. He tried to lick the mouse's neck in an effort to comfort him.
Raichu moaned from the licking and felt Lopunny move faster with the cock making a bulge in his stomach. "I think I'm going to cum again." Raichu moaned out. "Then I'll make sure to fill you up like a balloon." After a couple thrust, Raichu moaned out and covered Lopunny's belly fur with cum. That made the normal type groan as he moved faster before his girth started twitching. 'Here it comes.' he braced himself and groaned out feeling the hot seed pour into him and saw his stomach bloat a little from the amount pouring in.
He moaned from the amount, feeling oddly good. Lopunny pulled out panting and saw his sperm slowly drip out. "That actually… felt pleasant." Raichu said blushing from the sight of his stomach. "I gotta say, it was hot." grinned the normal type. Raichu chuckled, "Well I won't be needing to eat for a while it seems." he jokes. "Don't worry, it'll all drip out in no time." "Well… thanks for helping out with my problem." he said blushing as he got up. "I got to be heading home now." "Alright, just let me know when you want me to pound your little hole and I'll be there." he grinned smacking Raichu's ass.
He yelped as he felt that as he opened the door, heading outside. He looked at the Lopunny winking at him before the door shut. "That wasn't a moment I was expected." Raichu blushed as he rubbed his sore ass, remembering the moment. 'Maybe I should lay off girls for a while.' he thought as he started to walk off, taking one more look at the cottage. "I might be visiting this place more often."


Blade X Knife (M Bisharp)

Blade X Knife (M Bisharp)
Blade meets the pawniard turned Bisharp Knife who is regretful about his actions those years ago and apologizes for his actions, and to also ask if it is too late to ask for some fun.

* * *

The moon was shining over a grassy house in the night sky. There were moans of ecstasy sounding out in it. Inside was a Samurott and a group of pokemon sleeping close to each other, some making thrusting motions. One of them was a Meganium, humping her in and out while on top of her. Blade moans from the feeling as she woke up. "Haah~... Petal, cum in me now~..." She moaned as she sees her wife. Though asleep, Petal seems to respond as she started moving faster. "Mmm~..." Blade kept quiet when she is about to cum.
Petal made a quiet moan as she squirts inside Blade. Blade mewled quietly and came but carefully controlled her splurting, not wanting to make a mess. Blade panted a bit, but doesn't feel really tired. 'I could go for a walk.' she thought as she carefully move Petal off of her. She then sneaked out of the house and took a deep breath. She took a look at the starry sky as she started walking down the dirt path. "Sigh~... The skies look beautiful tonight~" She then look to see a familiar area. 'This was where I was attacked and nearly raped by that pawniard.' she thought.
She then looked around it to see a spot when she saw Petal's slit when the Chikorita had saved her. 'I remember going to her home and accidently tackling and kissing her~.' Blade blush in embarrassment of that. 'Couse it was because Petal was in heat~.' 'I even remember her flowery scent from her pussy and how it felt nice grinding against mine~...' Blade blushes at the memories until felt a twig snapped sound in front of her, "Who's there?!" she calls out. Then out of the shadows was a Bisharp. Blade was shocked at the moment before recalling the eye color. "You..." she said.
She then glared and backs off. "What do you want?" "H-hold on. I'm not here for any trouble." the Bisharp said holding his arms out in a non threatening gesture. "Well, what is it?" Blade asked, still skeptical. "Well... I been thinking about what you said to me... after our last fight. They were better ways I can ask for sex. But I was too prideful to do something like that. Though what I was doing was wrong. I'm sorry for trying to force myself on you." he said bowing his head. Blade stared at him for a bit, surprised he was being sincere this time. "I... I guess I forgive you... My name is Blade." "My name is Knife." he said. "Um... can I ask you something." "Y-Yes?" "Well... I noticed you're a Samurott now, and very beautiful too." he said blushing. "So I was wondering if~... If it wasn't too late~?"
Blade seem to get the answer and sighs. She then lays on her butt and spreads open her legs wide, shocking Knife with his eyes widened. "Cute, isn't it~?" Blade teased. Knife blushes as he walks to her slowly. "Y-yeah it is." he said shocked she's going along with this. "Oh, and~..." She then feels her member grow out, throbbing. "Surprised~?" Knife doesn't react as he moves his hands to her pussy and cock, careful when it comes to his bladed areas. Except he can retract his blades when not in use. Which he does when he started to stroke her member and rub himself as well. "Aah~ H-Hey... Isn't it weird to you that I've a cock now?" Blade asked, confused.
"Well, not exactly anymore." he answers moaning as he starts to get hard. "Mmm~... Well, just get in me gently if you like." Blade proposed as she started to grope her boobs. "Okay... and also just so you know..." he said as he lined up. "I kinda spied on you and Petal as the thing happened~." he admitted before starting to push gently. "Oh... Figures." Blade shrugged it off as she feels his member slide in slowly. He moans at the snug tightness of her pussy. He moves from side to side before moving back, then thrusting inside. "Oh~... You're such a gentleman now~..." Blade moaned when she felt his warmth. Knife moans at the tightness of her vagina as he pumps in and out. He is also still jerking Blade's member, aiming the tip at her torso.
He groans as he goes faster and harder. "Ready to cum~?" Blade teases. "Only if you do first~...!" Knife grins as he teases back. Blade giggles as she felt the urge to cum building up inside her. "Hope you don't mind if I have your dick spray you with your own seed~?" Knife said, holding her length at her upper body. "Go right ahead~." He then went on and on until Blade came, splashing her warm juices all over his member which squirted his sperm into her womb. Blade's dick also sprayed at her all over since Knife was holding it near her face and body.
The two panted while semen dropped of blade's face and body. "You did very good~." "So did you~..." Knife then leaned in and placed his lips gently on Blade's. Blade was a little surprised at him kissing her, but she relaxes and kissed him back. The two had a passionate make-out session for a few minutes, their tongues wrestling one another for dominance. She let out a murr as Knife fondle her large boobs. Little did they know, someone was watching them. The two finish their kiss as Knife slid out of her.
Blade soon sat up properly. "Thank you for the good time, and I'm sorry for the trouble all those years ago." he bows before turning around preparing to leave. "It's okay~ I hope our child will be as seductive as we are~!" Blade chimed at him. "Also if you like, I could ask Petal if she like to have fun with you~." she said winking at the Bisharp. Knife chuckled. "I don't think she'd approved after I tried to rape her." "You never know." she said. "Take care of our kid~." Knife said before leaving. Blade smiles and nods as she starts to head back home.
(Timeskip)
Blade was laying on her back looking up at the roof of her home. When she heard high-pitched giggling near her, she recognized it and smiled. She turned to see a young oshawott smiling and playing... Her name was Aqua and she is a Shiny Oshawott. She is also a herm like her mother. She was playing with a shiny Chikorita named Hana, who is a herm like Petal. Aqua tackled Hana in a hug and nuzzled her soft fur on her sensitive skin. Hana eeped at the sudden action, but broke into a giggling mess at the tickling feeling.
Aqua soon had her fun then went back to Blade. "How you doing Aqua?" "Fine, Mommy~! But... Could you tell me about... Daddy?" "Hmm well... his kiss was very passionate~." Blade answers smiling. "Oh, well... Could you show me how~?" Aqua asked innocently with a cheerful smile on her cute face. "I don't mind if you do it on my lips~.""Well, I don't know I can do it perfectly but~... come close to me." Aqua obeyed her mother and nears her face closer, slowly closing her eyes and puckering their lips as they stare lovingly at each other. The two's lips lock with each other as Blade kissed her daughter softly, but passionately as she could.
Aqua felt odd kissing her mother just to know what her father was like when he kissed her, but enjoyed it and slid her tongue in her mother's wet cavern. Blade was a little shocked at Aqua's actions and thought to stop her, but her daughter's tongue felt so good, she melted into bliss, remembering how Knife kissed her.
She wrapped her tongue around Aqua's and murred, wrestling with Aqua playfully. Aqua giggled and made noisy kissing sounds, making trails of saliva drool between their mouths. They moved back to catch their breaths, their face blushing. "Um... sorry about that~." Blade chuckled. "It's okay, sweetie~... Let's kiss again and maybe have some fun~" She licked her lips and felt wet between her legs. "Okay." she said smiling as she noticed Petal entering the room. "Oh, Petal~! What are you doing here~?" Blade asked, surprised by her appearance. "Well, I wanted to check up on our kids... and talk to you~." "About...?" "Private things~..." Petal grinned. "Oh~! Can we join in, mom~?" Hana asked excitedly with Aqua wanting in as well. "I'm sorry, it's for adults only." Petal giggled.
Hana frowned. "Aw... What are we supposed to do then?" "Go in your rooms and play~." Petal suggested, pushing the two with her vines. "Okay, mom~!" The two headed upstairs as Blade looked at her mate. "What is it you want to talk about?" "About where did Aqua's seductive personality came from." Petal answered with suspicion in her tone. "Oh that..." Blade started to sweat a bit before saying. "C-come on Petal. She got that from you. Remember when we were like them. You had your legs opened for me~." she said sounding seductive.
"You mean..." Petal then complied, sitting down on her buttocks and spread her hind legs wide open. "Like this~? Any floral scent coming from me~?" She teased. Blade shudders as a strong flowery scent came from her. "Just like that~." Blade then licks her pussy, getting a moan from Petal. Blade smiles, driving her tongue inside as deep as she could. "Mmm~..." Petal mewled at her tickly tongue. "Your tongue feels rough yet limber~!"
Blade smiles as she pulls away, "Maybe you ought to feel it with your own tongue~." she purrs climbing up on Petal. "Or Knife's tongue, maybe~?" "Wah?!" Blade got out pausing just inches away from Petal's face. "Yeah, I've seen what you had done with that Bisharp who almost raped us when he was a Pawniard." Petal said. Blade blushed at the realization of being found out, and slumped down a bit. "Are you mad?" Petal shook her head. "No, I'm not. It's okay. But I'd like him to do me when we see him again~!" She then winked and rubbed her crotch against Blade's "And maybe you can have a kid from him as well~?" Blade asked licking Petal's breast.
Petal giggled and thrusted her boob at her mouth. "I'll think about that last part~" "Come on, Petal~. I can see it in your eyes~." Blade muffled as she thrusted in her pussy. "Augh~! Okay, yes~! I do want a kid from him~!" "Okay, when we see him, I'll tell him~." Blade promised. Petal smiled and wraps her own penis with her vines. The two moan as they share the passionate moment.


Ivy X Shellz X Mela X Aurora

Ivy X Shellz X Mela X Aurora
When a married couple experience trouble, another couple steps in to help out the two.

* * *

Shellz and Ivy were arguing about their forgotten date. "I know, I know what we agreed on, but things just got out of hand." Shellz said to his wife. "Like what!? You spent more time with your friends than me!" Ivy replied angrily at her husband. "That's not true! I care about you more!" he said shaking his head. "Then why didn't you come to our anniversary!?" Ivy questioned but Shellz was sheepishly silent. "Humph! I thought so..." She then left. "S-somebody needed my help. So I took the time on that." He said defending himself. "By the time I was finished it was very late... I-I didn't meant to be this late!"
Ivy just slithered away, crying. "Ivy please don't cry. I'll make it up to you! I promised." he said moving to hold her sides. "I just... Need time alone..." She said, and then they heard the door bell ring. Hearing that, he sadly nods and headed to the door and opened it. It was a female Goodra accompanied with a seemingly female Aurorus. "Oh hello there. Can I help you?" "Is Ivy here?" The Goodra asked. "Yes she's here, but she's not really into meeting new people right now." Shellz said to the two. "Actually, they're old friends of mine..." Ivy sniffled in the cushion of the couch. "Oh really? Well okay then." Shellz said inviting the two in.
They come inside and Shellz asked them. "So who are you two?" My name is Aurora." The Aurous introduced herself. "And I'm Mela~ Oh, sorry about my slime..." The Goodra said before noticing her footsteps. He couldn't help but chuckle, "No worries, I'll clean it up." "Thank you... Hi, Ivy~..." Mela chimed. "Hello you two..." she said softly. "You seem sad... Why don't you and Mela talk this out? I'll be with Shellz." Aurora said to Ivy. Mela nods as Aurora heads off. "So what happened?" Ivy just snivelled. "Shellz was late for our date... I knew he didn't mean to be late but I couldn't help but feel angry and sad..."
She nods as she sat down. "I know what you mean. I get upset when Aurora is late for our date." Mela said rubbing her sides. "You were?" Ivy said when Mela rubbed Ivy with her slimy paws. "Yeah, I was waiting for her to show up for it but she arrived a few hours late. I was really upset, I wanted to crush her underneath me." she answered. "Then what happened?" Ivy asked. "She gave me a idea of how she can make it up to me for being late... by making it a fourway~." she said smiling. "Huh?" Ivy asked before Mela asks. "Lay on your back~" As Ivy tried to speak, Mela pushed her gently onto her back, on top of her. She then lowered her robe-like parts to reveal Ivy's DD-cups.
Shellz and Aurora are in the bathtub shower. Shellz sighed over today as the water rained over his body. All he could think about was Ivy and her sexy serpentine body. 'I know I never meant to happen, but I wish I knew what to do?' he thought. Aurora came to him in the shower. "Hey, turn the water temperature down, it feels so hot..." "Um... okay." he said as he turned the temperature down for him. "Brr... Cold." Shellz shuddered. "Ahh... that's much better..' she said smiling. "Wh-Why?" Shellz shivered at the cold water, but then he remembered that Aurorus is a duel ice/rock type. "Wait no I remember. I'll just use a bath."
He was preparing to get out of the shower, but Aurora grabbed him from behind. He yelped from the cold hands, 'What are you doing?" "Cooling you down, you handsome hunk~" Aurora said, seductively rubbing her crotch at his butt. Shellz blush at the feeling, "I-I'm pretty cooled down already you know?" he said trying to pull away, but the Aurorus was a bigger Pokemon than him so she had a tighter grip on the Samurott.
Shellz continues to struggle until he felt something poke him from behind. "Hey, no poking me back there." "Hm~? But my front paws are around your body~" Aurora blushed sexily. "What? but then how can you be poking me?" he asked confused. "Look under your legs~." He was confused as he does what she said, "I see my shaft and... and.." he paused as he see something else. His eyes widened and he started to flush deeply... He sees a large cock underneath his own. "Is is that..." "Mmhm~! Surprised~?" Aurora asked as she gets turned on more. "Y-yeah I am. B-but why are you hard?" he asked trying to move. "Because I'm a hermaphrodite~!" The Aurorus chimed.
Shellz blushed from the situation. "Ok, but an you let go? This is awkward." he said trying to move. "Aw~... But I'm just getting started for your training~!" Aurora said cutely, wrapping her tail around Shellz's member. "Aaiiee, your tail feels cold... and what do you mean by training?" he asking shivering. "Teehee~! I won't be rough, don't worry~..." Aurora said, poking her member against his butthole. He yelped a bit as he felt that. "Hey wait a second... I'm not really into that kind of stuff." he said shaking his head. "Don't worry~! I'm more female than male, you know!" "But still..." he said feeling uncomfortable about this.
Shellz then felt his member being fondled by her tail. "Hey... stop that.." Aurora stopped and laid on her back. May 14He sighed at the moment, but then pondered what she's doing. She pointed at her thick member. "Wait, what do you want?" he asked. "Care to give me some foreplay~?" Aurora sao, her member twitching as she say down. Shellz blushed, but when he opened his mouth. "Sure... what do I do?" "I'll jerk off, you eat me out~" She placed her hands on both sides of her dick and rubbed them together. "Um.. well..." he started, but couldn't finished as he stared at the throbbing member.
He still felt a little uncomfortable, but he couldn't help but be curious. "I have a better idea...~" "What is it? The last part I was referring was my pussy." He move towards her, moving towards her trobbing cock and took a slow lick at the center of it. "Ah~... I have a pussy too, you know..." She moaned as her member twitched a bit by the sensation. Hearing that, he moves one of his flippers to rub her folds as he licks the cock some more. "Mmm~... Hey, I'm the one jerking off." The Aurorus said, feeling uncomfortable herself. "But the thing is... if you intend to thrust into me, I ought to lube you up right~?" he pointed out. Aurora nodded, understanding what he's doing.
He continues to rub her pussy with his fins as he moves up on her shaft reaching the tip and licking around it. "Ahh~... You may not know this but I've already done Mela..." "Oh really now?" he blushes as he started to open his mouth and encircle the tip. "I just wanted you to know~... Eeh~... Have you done your wife?" Aurora asked, feeling red on her cheeks. He blushes at the question as he nods as much as he could as he lowers his head down her member. "Aah~ I... Think it's... Wet enough." Aurora moaned, feeling her member throb.
He nods as he lifts his head up and off the Aurorus's cock. "So what now?" he asked blushing. "Mind if I rub my vagina on your cock~?" Aurora asked embarrassedly. He blushes as he asked, "Um... what for?" "Lubrication~...?" "Okay?" he said as he lays on his back, his cock in the air. She then started grinding her pussy against his dick. He shudders from the warmth radiating from her pussy as she rubs it softly. Her juices started to flow out as she kept grinding him. "Ahh... it feels so good." "Oh Arceus... I'm feeling hard." Shellz grunted. "I know, I can see and feel it." she giggled as she rubs it more. "Are we done?" Shellz asked.
Aurora nodded and asks him to get on all fours so he can raise his rear up. Shellz look embarrassed as he got up and moved to all fours. Aurora gets on top of him but realizes something. "Wait, how about you do me first?" "Huh?" Aurora gets on all fours herself and raises her own ass up. He blushes at the sight of her blue hole pulsating in front of him. "Alright then..." He move forwards and proceeded to climb over her and nudge his member at her pussy. "No, not there. My anus..." Aurora pointed out. He move upwards a bit and poked there instead.
He shuddered as it was cold. "Gah, is every place of yours cold?" "Ice type. It's how I am~." she looks at him and wink. Shellz gulped and entered a bit inside of her. While it was cold, it wasn't unbearable and it was a snug feeling around his cock. Aurora gasped. "Eep! This is my first time in my ass~..." he groaned as he said, "That makes... two of us~..." He then thrusts inside hard. They both share a moan as Aurora's anal muscles squeeze around his member in a tight grip. However, she was big enough for him to slide in.
He pulls back a bit before pushing inside. "It feels weird... but very good." Aurora cringed a little in pain. "A-are you all right?" he asked slowing down, Aurora nodded and urged him to keep going. He places his fins around her and thrusted gently. "Aah~! Grab my length~..." She moaned. He blushes at the request, but moves downward to hold in in his fins, feeling it pulsate. She smiled and pushed herself backwards. He groaned as he started to go a bit faster inside her. 5"H-Hey... Mind if you lie on your back and I lie on you~?" Aurora asked, moaning. "Um... sure." he said as he roll onto his back still in her, and still holding her.
He started thrusting again, a bit harder and faster than before. She moaned as she was being thrusted upwards. "How.. how am I doing?" Shellz just smirked as he kept on thrusting. "That depends on how you're feeling~" "It.. feels nice... I'm about to blow~." "So am I~... And Aurora..." "Hm?" she asked blushing and moaning. "Thanks for reminding me..." He then came in her anus, making her scream in ecstasy and shoot her cum like a cold volcano. "About love~... Ack! Your cum is cold too?" "Ice type~..." she simply said giggling.
"I know but... Does most of yourself have to be cold?" He asked, about to turn on the showers to wash themselves. "Hey... do you want to try it now?" she asked. Shellz understood what she meant. "Eh... Maybe when we're altogether in bed~" "Okay then... and try to have the water a little cool ok?" she asked. "Don't worry, I can handle it being fully-cold~" He reassured.
(To Ivy and Mela.)
Ivy blushed as she saw her boobs exposed~! They giggle a bit from the movement earlier. "Hey... what's going on?" "Teehee~! Just making you naked for our lesbianism~!" Mela chimed, groping her bigger breasts to get some slime to spread on Ivy. "Don't you think it's a little to sudden to go for this without a answer?" Ivy asked embarrassed and blushing all the while. "Aw, but don't you liked being nude~ You're prettier this way, especially with those breasts of yours~!" Mela winked and splashed her goo on Ivy's chest, squeezing them firmly.
Ivy moans in pleasure as her breast is squeezed and tickled, "Maybe but..." "Hm?" The Goodra asked as she started massaging the Serperior's breasts. "I'm not used to your sudden movements." she blushed. "Ooh~... But I know you wanted this and you're already wet and trembling~!" Mela teased, feeling Ivy's nipples erect in her palms. Ivy blushes as she felt the rubbing of her nipples, 'I hope Shellz understands the situation if he sees this~...' Mela then leans in and kisses her in the lips. She muffled a bit in surprised and tried to push her off. But Mela was to heavy and slippery due to her size and slime respectively. "Where did this come from~?" Ivy muffles in the kiss as she still futilely tries to get Mela away.
The Goodra just giggled and grabbed the Serperior's face to hold their kiss tight. Ivy blushes and started to relax as she starts to kiss her back. "Mmm~..." She moaned in the kiss as she swirled her tongue inside. Ivy giggle as she moves her tail around Mela's legs. "Mmph~!" Mela noticed the tickly feeling at her hips and closed them. Ivy smiles as she continues to wrap around Mela despite it. She then uses her antennae to whip and wrap them around Ivy's serpentine body. That caused Ivy to giggle and makes some whips to tickle Mela's body, making Mela giggle herself. "Enjoying it so far?" Ivy asked winking.
Mela blushed as she tried to put up a bold face. "Heh~... That depends whether you're gonna forgive your husband~" Ivy looked confused. "What made you think I wasn't?" "Heheheh~... You were sad earlier, remember~?" Mela teased, holding onto Ivy firmly, mashing their breasts together. The serperior blushed, "I was sad, but I did understand. He wants to help those in need." she said. "So why didn't you think about them instead of your anniversary?" She asked, starting to feel bad for her. "I guess I was too emotional at the moment."
Mela smiled sadly and gently kissed her in the lips again. Ivy blushes at the feeling. "I'm okay now really." Ivy muffled. Mela shook her head while still kissing Ivy and started to press her moist vagina against hers, much to her surprise. "I'm okay, no need to keep kissing me." Mela grunted in annoyance and wrapped her limbs and antennae around Ivy tightly before grinding her pussy at hers. Ivy moaned out in pleasure as she started grinding back. Mela then stuck her tongue in and kept rubbing her pussy up and down, then left and right.
Ivy started wrestling with her as she rubs Mela's pussy back. They moaned together as they battled with their moist lower lips at each other. The two were getting close as Ivy started tickling the dragon's clotis. Mela squeaked and used her antennae to tickle Ivy's clit as well. She moaned as she started to kiss her deeper. They soon orgasmed hard at their crotches. Both were panting from such a powerful climax. Mela panted and looked at Ivy lovingly. "So, wanna make up with Shellz now~?" Ivy smiles as she nods her head. "Yeah, I want to.~'They then unwrap themselves and went to the bedroom.
They enter the room to find the other two sitting on the bed. Shellz and Aurora were in an awkward position as they greeted them. "Hello Mela... Ivy." Aurora said as the two looked. "Hey, Honey..." Shellz said, waving at her. "Shells, I want to apologize for my behavior..." "Oh, well I was gonna apologize myself..." Ivy looked confused, "For what?" "You know." He said, embarrassedly. "You mean... that?" she said pointing at them. He nodded and looked away. "H-hey, no need to apologize on that." she said.
Ivy slithers to Shellz. He blushes as his wife was closing in on the two of them, so was Mela who is still slimy. "S-so what now?" Shellz asked. "How about we sandwich each other~?" Ivy suggested happily. "Um... how so?" Aurora asked. Ivy then explained, "First Mela lying in the bed, then me lying in Mela, then Shellz gets on top of me and Aurora will mount Shellz~!" Aurora blushes smiling while Shellz blushes embarrassed about the position, but they went and stack up together as Mela spread her legs wide, waiting for Ivy to lie down on her. Ivy smiled as she lay on top of her, nuzzling their cheeks. Ivy then positioned herself so she can slip her serpentine tail in Mela's pussy and then the Goddra groped the Serperior's chest from behind.
Both moan out in pleasure as the two watch them for the moment. "Come on, honey~... Get on me~!" Ivy chimed to Shellz. He blushes as he moves forward slowly, then rubbing his head to her sides. They kissed and he felt Aurora get on top of his back. He moaned a bit from the weight and cold. "Eee~... We can feel her cool temperature too~..." Ivy and Mela said. "Y-yeah.." he blushes as he felt his cock touching Ivy's folds. He winces a bit at the idea.. "I'm... still a bit nervous about this.." he admitted. "Don't worry~. I'll be gentle. Just relax and mate with your wife~." Aurora said soothingly. "But I..." he started off as he felt Aurora rubs his neck. "Oh, alright..." He submitted and lined his cock at Ivy's pussy. At least be gentle okay?" he asked starting to push in. Aurora nodded and held him tight.
She position her shaft and started pushing gently. The Samurott grunted and slid in his own member in his wife's labia. He shivered as the cold member seems to numb away much of the pain he felt. Shellz shuddered as he felt this new feeling in his anus. Aurora moans at the tightness as she held on the Samurott's sides. Shellz moaned at both his wife's tightness and Aurora's thickness. "How you doing so far?" Ivy asked. "Just fine..." Shellz replied, going in further. He moaned out again as he felt his ass widen from the Aurorus cock going deeper.
He also went in deeper through Ivy's labia. Ivy moans as she pushes her breast on Mela's own. Mela mewled as she felt it. Enjoying it, Mela uses her arms to rub the grass types' thighs. Ivy giggled at Mela's touch as she moaned. "Wasn't going you let you have all the fun~." Mela giggled. She even raised her antennae. "What are you going to do?" Ivy asked. "Hold us all together~! You do so too with your vines~!" Mela explained and suggested. Ivy giggled as she winks at the dragon. She then gets her vines out. "You're doing the same thing?"
Ivy nodded and ties up Shellz and Aurora. As for Mela's antennae, they slid through a gap between Shellz and Aurora. All four blushes and moan at the squeeze, but it also helped kept them from falling. "So Shellz, how it feel being taken in the butt~?" she asked winking at him. "J-Just weird but really n-nice~...!" He grunted as he kept thrusting in Ivy. "Good to hear you're getting used to it." She then thrusts in him some more. He murred at the feeliing. "Yeah, still getting used to it." Ivy smiled at them and thrusts her tail in and out of Mela's pussy.
Mela moans as she wonders how to return the pleasure. She then decided to grope Ivy's breasts and slides her slimy hands in-between Ivy and Shellz. Ivy moans in pleasure, and starts slides her tail deeper. Shellz sees this and started to thrusted faster in his wife. The Serperior and Goodra both moaned as they're being done by. He murrs from the double feeling, and then kisses Ivy in her lips. They wrap their tongues together in loving embrace. They also moaned in their make out session. The other two smile and awwed at such a touching moment.
They then keep doing what they were sexually doing. They started to go a little faster as they got used to their situation. "Aaaiiieee~! So amazing~!" Ivy squealed as the gravity around her body increased. "Yeah it is." Shellz moans out alongside her. "Haaah~...! I'm getting a tickly feeling in my crotch~!" Mela mewled, signalling she was gonna climax soon. Ivy smiled as she strokes and fondles faster then. Mela squealed at the slick feeling and Ice was getting tight inside herself. "Oh Arceus~! I'm about to blow my love inside~!"
Shellz shudder as Ice go faster and faster in him. Everyone started to feel the need to climax. The females on the bottom cried out first as they reached theirs. Then the male and herm groaned as they filled Ivy and Shellz up respectively. Shellz shudder at feeling of the cold seed spilling inside him. Ivy also shuddered as she feels her husband's warm seed gushing in her womb. All four panted from a intense sexual moment. "S-Shellz~...?" Ivy asked exhaustedly. "Y-yeah?" he asked panting. "Thank~... You~..." Ivy yawned and passes out. "Goodnight~... Zzz..."
Shellz smile at seeing her happy. "Okay, thank you you two." he said to the other two, "Can you get off now?" But they were fast asleep themselves as well. "I guess not." he sighs, feeling tired himself. He then nuzzled his head on Ivy's and they all slept together, still connected to each other sexually.


Blade X Daisy and co

Blade and co X Daisy and co
The Samurott founds herself with the Florges group again and have some fun before the others join in.

* * *

"Mmngh..." Blade moaned as she opened her eyes. She looked around to see nothing but botany in a cavern-like area. "Huh? How did I get here?" she asked groggily. She also saw that she was tied up in vines spread-eagle! She struggled a bit, "What's going on?" she asked staying calm. She then heard moaning upwards and looked to see Petal and the others tied up just like her... They were all in a web-like vine structure and being sexed by the same Florges from the other month. "Whoa, when did they take us again?" Blade asked blushing from the sight.
She then heard chuckling and saw a familiar white Florges emerging. "Hi there, Blade~... You sure have become a sexy Samurott~!" "Daisy~... Still the same as last month ago, tricks and everything~." she said winking. "Yeah, but this is a real show-stopper~!" She raised her arms up wide and the lights flicked on, revealing an arena with an audience of female and herm Pokemon cheering out loudly around them. "Uh..Uhhhh..." Blade stutter and blushed at the sight of many pokemon looking at them, blowing whistles and stuff. "Is everyone ready to see me do this Samurott~!?" Daisy yelled out boldly as she places her hands at her crotch.
The crowd cheered out in a loud frenzy as Blade blushes bashfully, but then the vines holding Blade lifted her up and rearranged her in an all-fours position, restraining her on the ground by her stomach. Blade tried to move, but the vines were strong as blade blushes redder from embarrassment. "You've gotten bigger, girl~..." Daisy then has her member emerge. "And so have I~!" Blade looked back and gasped as she saw the white Florges's cock twice/thrice bigger than before! The crowd goes wild as they saw her huge member! "H-how did that happen?!" Blade asked, shocked and amazed at the same time. "Here's how~!" Daisy then held Blade's butt cheeks and thrusted in her anus!
Blade cried out in a mix of pain and pleasure. "That's not really answering my question~." The audience cheered when Daisy plunged in her ass and she went out and in fast. "Oooh~! But you're making me wanna cum already~!" Blade moaned as her anal muscles clench around Daisy's shaft, milking for everything she got. Daisy came hard and slid out her member out of Blade's ass which squirted cum out. Daisy then went to her panting face. Blade moans from the amount filled in her, then look up to the Florges. "What is it?" "What do you say, folks~!? Want Miss Blade to suck and choke my cock like a cream cake~?!" She poked her cheek with the tip of her large penis.
A rain of cheers rain on the arena. "Well you heard them. Open up~." Blade shuddered, unwilling as she slowly opened her mouth. "Don't worry, I'll be careful." Daisy promised as she starts sliding in her mouth. "Mmnngghh~!" Blade gagged as she was forced to suck on her huge dick. Daisy gave Blade time to adjust to her large member as the water type starts to lick and suck around it. "Mmmggghhh!" Blade choked on her member as it throbbed inside her throat. "Oohh, Blade~. Your mouth feels so heavenly~." Daisy moaned.
'Ugh! But your dick is too big! I can't breathe!' Blade thought as she feels the member twitch in her, signalling its orgasm. "Breath through your nose." Daisy advised as she moans louder. Blade did so, inhaling but then her exhalation was interrupted by a splash of milky cum from Daisy! She started coughing from the amount, thankfully Daisy pulled out as she splashes the remaining on Blade. The audience wooed out a loud cry of excitement and the vines holding Blade had her in a lying position, then rubbing her crotch in front of the entire arena. "Hahh... hah~.." Blade panted in pleasure as she watches Daisy looking at her. "Such a kinky girl you are~." "By the way~..." She chimed as she sees something emerge from Blade's pussy. "Take a picture at Miss Blade's secret surprise~!"
Blade blushes as she sees flashes coming from the crowds. "How did you know~?" she said softly. "I can sense it from you~" Daisy leans her head down and kisses the tip of Blade's cock, earning awws from the crowd. Blade blushes at the kiss, "So what are you going to do now~?" "First, a little blowjob and then, some grade-A sexing~!" Daisy chuckled darkly as she licked the length on Blade's hard member. Said samurott murrs and shudders from the licking. "So nice." Daisy flicker her tongue on all sides of her member while stroking her own to re-harden herself. "Oh Daisy~..." she moans out in pleasure.
Blade then hears moaning from the audience and then sees Daisy standing up, showing off her large penis. "Why you stop~" She whimpers. "This is it, ladies~! Blade is gonna have the biggest round yet~!" Daisy announced. "But it's so intense, she'll be knocked out in a sex coma for a long time~! Is that okay, girls~?!" The White Florges said, and with that her cock's surprisingly growing thicker and longer! Blade pales and shakes her head side to side fast. The audience all make a hand gesture for Daisy to fuck Blade with two fingers forming a ring and another one finger sliding in and out.
They all shout out. "Get! In! Get! In! GET! IN!" "No no, I can't take that!" she called out to them, but Daisy opens her vaginal lips wide and presses the tip of her enlarged member at the mouth of her pussy. "Daisy... Please?" she said closing her eyes.. "I will~!" She replied childishly and thrusts in her very strong but rough as well and the crowd goes in a wild frenzy again with screams of satisfaction and excitement! Blade cried out, louder than she thought possible as the massive cock slides into her. "NNNOOO~!" She wailed out as she's taking the biggest dick in her labia ever yet!
She felt her pussy spread out ridiculously as it slides out, then back in Though big, it wasn't as painful as she expected. "I-I f-feel... S-So... S-Strange~...!" Blade moaned out loud as she felt her own member grow in size and inches for some reason. "M-my dick... It's growing?! But how?" "Aah~! Blade~... Your body is starting to agree with my abnormal sizes so they're growing too~!" Daisy said as she kept thrusting, making Blade's cock grow longer and larger, almost getting between her boobs. "Th-this can't be real~..." she moans as she sees Daisy's cock enter her pussy. "Ngh~...!" She grunts and looks at the audience whom she looks away from. 'I can't believe she is actually doing this in public... Too embarrassing~...' She thought and then looked at Petal and the others.
All of them were moaning and panting as they kept along with this despite the audience watching them. Blade then sees to her surprise, her own member has grown so big the size of a body pillow, that Daisy is able to embrace and stroke it with her arms, hands and breasts. "Isn't that a little too big?" She said moaning a bit from the rubbing. "As big as my member~! And you're about the cum with me~!"
She was right as she felt pressure building up within her enlarge cock. Blade felt close to cumming, unable to hold it any longer. "I'm gonna... Ngah...! I'm gonna~...!" The two of them cried out at the same time as they both hit their climax. Blade's cum made like a large fountain, raining on the audience and slightly flooding the arena with her and Daisy in a pool of their cum. Blade panted, feeling very tired afterwards. She moaned softly as everything became dark...
The next thing she heard were giggles as she opened her eyes and saw it wasn't an arena this time. "Uh..huh?" her eyes open as she tried looking around to get her bearings. "Petal and the others aren't here... Which means, it was all a dream?" "Well you are alone, that's for certain~." A familiar voice said. Then out came from the shadows were five different colored Florgeses. "Y-you girls?" she gasped out as she easily recognize the group. Daisy nodded as she, Rose, Violet, Mika and Sunny rushed at Blade to embrace her all over!
Blade winced, but calmed down quickly as she asked, "How you two found out we evolved~?" "We've sent our lower-evolution maidens to watch over you~" Daisy explained as a floette floated behind her and landed on the left side of her rosebush. "I've gotta say, you've become big and hard inside out~!" She blushes, and smirked, "And you couldn't even wait a week before kidnapping me~?" "I was getting excited when I heard you evolved and became a herm~" Daisy excused. "And besides, I've still got that challenge for you, Bladey~!" She seductively reminded.
She then embraced Blade firmly and mashing each other's titties. "Challenge?" she asked, a bit confused. "You know~..." Daisy said rubbing her crotch while still embracing her. Rose got behind Blade, Sunny and Mika hugged Blade side by side and Violet gets on top of the Samurott's head. "Oh, that challenge~..." Blade blushed, but gives a confident look. "Bring it~!" "Eh, so long as no one's cocks are too big and long like body pillows...?" Blade nervously asked. The 5 look at her with a confused expression, silence filling the area. "Um... I kinda had this dream with a big arena and there was this audience and Daisy won big time... With our dicks growing too big and long." Blade explained, blushing as she reminded herself. "Oh, no need to worry. This is real life." Daisy assured.
As her member erected out along with the others. Sunny and Mika also rubbed Blade's crotch with their hands. Blade moans and pants as she felt her member started to poke out. Soon, everyone's member was showing erect and hard. "I would say you were hiding something, but we could tell you were a herm~." Daisy said giggling. "Mmhmhm~! Thanks~! Now who goes first in me~?" Blade asked, feeling the need to be filled. "That'll be me." Daisy said moving behind blade. But Blade stops her. "Wait, I always viewed you as my rival~ So why not take my pussy~?" "Oh, I was planning that in the first place, and when did we became rivals?"
Blade mashes her breasts with Daisy and tapped her member with her own. "My question?" Daisy repeated. 1Blade simply answers by kissing her passionately. 'How does this answer how we became rivals?' Daisy thought. Blade lashes her tongue out in her mouth. "Mmm~... Your tongue is so velvety~" The Samurott muffled, feeling drool coming down from their lips. "My you're a real sweetheart~." Daisy muffled back, wrapping their tongues together. "I can see why Petal is so fond of you~." "You are too with your sisters~!" Blade muffled back as well. "The fact that you're sexually bold and sweet is why I acknowledge you as my rival~!" "Hmhmhm, well I appreciate it, and you make a fine rival for me too Blade~." Daisy muffled, squeezing her chest.
Rose yawned, getting impatient. "Are you finished with your make out session? Because I wanna fuck her ass now~!" "Spoilsport." Daisy taunted, "But she has a point, now how to position you?" Daisy asked herself. Blade helped verbally. "Daisy, you're in front of me to do my vagina, Rose is behind me to do my butt, Sunny and Mika are on my left and right sides to jerk my dick off and I jerk theirs off with each of my hand, and Violet gets on top of my neck so I can suck her cock." Daisy nods as she uses her vines to get Blade in a appropriate position to do all those actions.
The other Florgeses got in their places and wrap their vines around her. They were snug, but not uncomfotable as all 5 of them surrounded her. "You all ready~?" The Florges nodded but Violet then suggested, "Okay, but one at a time ladies~... Rose, you go first." The red Florges nodded before placing her paws on Blade's ass, giving them a testing squeeze as she lines her cock up. Blade nodded in approval, allowing her anus to be poked and prodded by Rose's member. Satified, Rose hold Blade as she starts to push into her.
Blade grunted as she felt her anal muscles stretch. "So how my cock feels Blade~? Nothing you ever imagined~?" "Ahh~... Yeah~!" Blade said but then felt her breasts and member being held side by side. "Ah~! Mika? Sunny?" "Yes, Blade~?" they said, giving her a innocent looking smile. "Thanks~! I needed that~!" She said, loving the squeezing feeling around her chest and length. "Well, here's a way you can repay us~." Mika said, the two showing her their lengths at each of Blade's paws. Blade grinned and grabbed each member hard with each of her paw. Mika and Sunny groaned as Blade's paws rubs and squeezes their members.
Blade chuckled and looked lovingly and daringly at Daisy. "Daisy~?" She seductively asked as she spread her legs wide. The white florges smiled as she places her member on Blades pussy and started rubbing it. The Samurott moaned as she feels her pussy juices flow out. "Oooh~... Your length feels hard and warm~" "And if you like just the rubbing..." Daisy started probbing her entrance, "Just wait and see how this feels~." "Open wide and moan, 'Aahh~!'" The White Florges then stretched open Blade's pussy lips wide. "Aahh~..." Blade moaned out as Daisy's wide shaft starts to slide into her. "Drink up, cutie~!" Violet then takes the opportunity to thrust her dick in Blade's mouth! "Mmph~!" Blade moans from the Blue Florge's cock sliding into her mouth. She responds by licking and sucking on the member tenderly. "Aw~... Ready, girls~?" Daisy chimed at Blade's situation and asked her sisters who nodded and thrust in slowly.
Blade shudder and moan as she squeeze all five of their cocks as best as she could with everything. The Florges all moan as they fuck Blade as if they are like a mechanical pumping heart altogether. 'This feels so good, my body is on fire~.' she thought as she suck and groaned. 'Must keep going~...' She then curled herself up a little if possible as she is getting done greatly. "Oohh.. She's trying to pleasure us greatly~." Rose commented noticing the actions. "Well, let's all make this memorable~!" Daisy said as she picked the pace.
Mika and Sunny giggles as they started to fondle and massage Blade's breast, but also stroke her penis fast. "Mmmph, mmm~." she murrs from the increased tensity, and she sucks Violet's cock deeper, nearly getting it in her throat. "Oohh, that's the spirit~." Violet cheered. As she thrusts in her mouth deeper, making her choke a little. Mika and Sunny also pinched and pulled Blade's nipples. Rose and Daisy move forward and started to lick Blade's neck in affection. Blade giggled as she felt their moist tongues flicking around her sensitive neck. 'I never thought I have 5 girls do me at once. That's a new record~!' Blade thought excitedly.
Daisy was soon done licking Blade's neck and went for Violet's buttocks. "Leader, you're tongue's at the wrong place~." Violet moaned. "I know where I'm kissing and licking~!" Daisy muffled in Violet's butt-crack. Violet gasped at the tongue licking around her hole carefully. While she is still thrusting in Blade's mouth. Violet smiled and started to lick Blade's ears. Blade shivered as felt her ear licked. She felt her climax coming as all five of them went faster. 'Oh wow~! I'm gonna cum~... But I've gotta hold it for them all to blast their seed at me~...!" Blade thought as she moaned deeply and closed her eyes tight.
She felt all of them increase their paces, Blade hopes its a sign that they're about to cum. As she feels her dick and pussy wanting to let loose when she hears Daisy moan out. "Mmmphhhfff~!" And Violet. "Aaah~! Get ready for a taste of my nectar~!" Then Rose. "Ohhh~! Your squeeze my cock with your ass until I sperm you~!" And now Sunny and Mika. "Oh, my dick feels hard and loaded~!" "I'm gonna burst with my hot white cream~!" After a few more thrust, all of them groaned and cry out in a pleasured filled voices.
Blade then decides to release as well and all six of the herm girls exploded with litres of cum massively splashing all over were completely white as they all let Blade down and lay on top of her.


Blade and co X Daisy and co

Blade and co X Daisy and co
Take place after previous chapter.

* * *

Blade was embracing Daisy as her arms were free from jerking off Mika and Sunny. "That was exhilarating~!" Blade murred in bliss. "Yeah, it was~! You passed the challenge~!" Daisy mewled in sexual happiness and then licked her lips. "So~... Want some romantic fucking~?" "Romantic fucking~?" Blade asked curious. "I'm still hard enough to give you more of my love cream~" "Well how would this be different from last time?" "I give you an anal massage and then maybe you could do me in my vagina~?" Daisy said sheepishly and shamelessly. "While letting the other's watch~?" Blade grins lustfully. "Eh~ Bring your friends and Petal along too~!" "You two called?" A familiar voice asked from somewhere.
They all looked to see a familiar Meganium who had become a herm herself with Blade and four more herms with her. "How long have you all been here?" Blade asked smiling."Long enough to see you getting all fucked up by those five~!" Petal said, giggling. "You all perverts. All of you~." Blade giggles as she asked. "Y'all enjoyed it." They all nodded and looked at the other Florgeses, wanting some sexy fun. "I'm guessing you all want in~?" Daisy asked. They nodded again with naughty smiles.
Daisy look at the other four, "All right, everyone. Pair up~!" "But there are five of use and Blade's doing you." Nume pointed out. "Good point." she said as she thought of something else. "Hey, I'm kind of the shortest so why not I do oral on one of them doing someone?" Dyna suggested. "That could work? Who would you like?" "Whoever Eco is doing~!" "Eco, Who are you interested in?" she asked. "Hmm..." The Serperior thought a bit and then pointed with her tail. "Dyna and I will take Mika~" "Alright then." Daisy looks at the Shiny Goodra. "What about you?"
Nume had her paws on her chin and went over to Rose. "My name's Rose, you?" She offered a hand to Nume. "Nume~ I'm kinda slimy..." The Goodra blushed. "I don't mind." Rose smiles. Ice then walked over to Violet, rubbing her body with her cold tail. "They call me v-violet~." she said shivering a bit from the coldness. "And I'm Ice~" "Isn't that obvious~?" she shivers as Ice nuzzles Violet's neck. "So Petal and Mika?" "Nah~ She's doing Sunny~" The Shiny Aurorus corrected. Daisy look to see the two nuzzling each other. "So~... Ready to lift your butt up~?" She teases Blade. "Only if you're ready?"
Blade then lifted her ass up after she got on all fours. "Though, when can I get your vagina~?" "After I fill your anus~" Daisy assured, stretch-opening her buttocks. "Wanna rim, or gonna go right ahead~?" "Rim?" The white Florges asked, not getting the first part. "Oh you know, lick my anus for preparation? Petal and I do it sometimes~." Blade said. "I thought Rose already lubed it up with her seed." "Doesn't mean they still wouldn't like a lick~. Or you don't like Rose's seed?" Daisy huffed and kissed Blade's anus. Blade shudders as she giggles. "See? I figured you like to try rimming~." "Mmhmhm~!" Daisy giggled as she licks her tongue around Blade's butthole. "Ahh, you very skilled with that tongue~."
Daisy soon lubed Blade's anus enough and lifted her head up. "Alright now~. Ready when you are~?" Blade murrs looking back at Daisy. Who smirked and thrusts inside her asshole fast and hard. "Ngh~..." She grunted from the penetration, but remained upright for more. Daisy then thrusts in and out of Blade slowly and then went slightly faster. She moans as she felt vines move around her body. They quickly reach and wrap-squeeze her boobs and their tips tickle her nipples. That caused her to gasp out in surprise. "Eep~! My tits and nipples~!" "They're so squishy~." Daisy teased, rubbing and massaging them.. also tickling her nipples.
Blade smirks, "Well I had others who all say they enjoyed them." She then felt her nipples erect. "Oooh~! I can feel my nipples grow long~!" "They're most impressive~." Daisy said as she started thrusting in rhythm. Shen then presses her chest against Blade's back and grabs her nipples to pull them hard, making Blade squeal in pain. "And sensitive too~!" "Ahh, please not so hard like that!" Blade called out. "Oh~? You mean..." Daisy then pinched and pulled them harder until they slip off. "Like this~?" "Aiee~!" she cried out as she felt her sensitive nipples sore.
She then panted and felt her milk flow out a tiny bit, whimpering from the pinching and pulling. "Huh? Milk?" Blade asked shocked to be seeing any. "Well, they maybe droplets but~..." Daisy then licked her nipples to get a taste. "But they're still sweet~." she murrs in Blade's ear She blushed as she still felt her anus getting done. Blade felt her cock throbbing as she took a deep breath to calm down. She then felt ready to let loose her fluids, ut she held back for Daisy to finish, and she felt her penis twitching strong. "Are you close?" Blade asked. Daisy nodded. "Yeah~! Are you~?" "Uh huh~." she panted as she shudders.
Blade then releases her vaginal cum while Daisy squirts in her ass. Blade and Daisy shudders from the climax's intensity. The Samurott collapsed on her back with her legs spread open. "Oh~? Feeling a little tired~?" Daisy chimes. "Mind if you help me cum in my pussy~?" Blade exhaustedly moaned and teased. "I was under the impression you wanted to take my pussy." Daisy blushes. "Oh yeah~... I forgot." Blade giggled and tries to get up. "No need, I'll simply ride you cowgirl style~." Daisy smiles climbing on top. Blade smiled as she slipped from the pool of cum the two had made during their anal sex. "Careful, don't wanna get hurt~."
Blade nodded as her dick re-emerged. Daisy lined up the top and carefully pushed herself down onto it. She moaned at the feeling as her cock twitched. "Ahh, you're very warm and welcoming~" Blade moans out. She then thrusts upwards in Daisy. "Well your dick is the perfect size for me~." Daisy chimed back, and the white Florges groped her own breasts. "Hmhmm, what's with the personal show~?" Blade asked blowing a raspberry. "Just feeling so hot inside~... But what's with the raspberry?" "Just to add a teasing effect~." she said.
Daisy smirk and grabbed Blade's breasts. "Mmmmm~." she moans from the touch. She then pinches and pulls her nipples again, making Blade wince. "Hummph, it's not fair thay you can only do sexual torture~." Blade whines. "Oh~? Torture you say~?" Daisy then pulled her nipples again until they slipped off like last time, making her yelp in pain. "Why not grab my titties' nipples then~?" Blade winces and does what she said, squeezing and pulling Daisy's nipples. "Aaiiee~! Your pinching feels tight~!" She squealed as her nipples were being pulled like rubber. Blade grins, "Well you're feeling what I feel~."
Blade then keeps stretching her nipples until they slipped off, making them bounce for a second and made Daisy cry out in pain. "So how does it feel~?" Blade smirked deviously. Daisy held her breasts with tears in her eyes. "Painful and now a bit sore, thanks~..." She smiled. "Um... hopefully I didn't went to far." Blade said looking concern. Daisy shook her head with a smile and lowered her body a little, nearing her nipples against Blade's "A little, so dock our nipples and twirl them together~..." "Uh... dock nipples?" Blade asked confused.
Daisy nodded and held her breasts. "Uh-huh~, it goes like this~!" She then has her nipples touch Blade's and moves them round and round, not leaving them. "Does it feel ticklish~?" Blade let out a little giggle as she opened her mouth. Daisy, still playing her nipples on Blade's, kisses her in the mouth. Blade quickly pushes her tongue in Daisy's mouth before she could get the chance. "Mmph~! Mind if we stay like this? I keep docking our nipples and you keep thrusting upwards and we make out~?" Daisy muffled as she suggested. "If you can last that is~?" Blade asked challengingly as she thrusted hard and deep inside Daisy. Who kept docking their nipples in a tickling manner.
Blade smiles as their tongues together and hums out. Daisy hums out as well as they feel their nipples erect on each other. "You're so hard, your nipples are poking me~." Blade muffled a tease. "Well, your dick is stretching me apart~!" Daisy muffled back. The two couldn't help but giggle as they start to go a little faster. Daisy was still docking nipples with Blade who is thrusting in and out of her. Blade moves her flippers to start teasing Daisy's breast. She starts to stroke them softly in round motions. Daisy sighed in relaxation while she moved her breasts up and down, flipping their nipples up and down as well.
Daisy made some vines and do to Blade what she's doing to her. They wrap around and massage Blade's back and butt. Blade murrs in Daisy's mouth as her kissing and her other actions become more affectionate. Daisy felt her own cock twitch, signifying it wants to be touched itself. "Um... do you mind Blade~?" Blade nodded and moved her right paw to stroke Daisy's member, "Ahh~, thank you~." Daisy moaned with her member feeling good.
Blade giggled, then let out a moan as well from the warm, wet pleasure. "Mmm~! Gonna cum~!" Blade muffled in excitement, feeling her privates vibrate inside. "Right there with you~." Daisy commented. They sexed and teased each other until they went loose with hot cum flowing out of their bodies! Blade came in Daisy while Daisy came on Blade. As for Blade's pussy, it just drenched the floor-ground they're on. The white flower panted as she lay on the Samurott. "That... Was... Amazing~!" Daisy panted. "Yeah it was~." Blade murrs.
They smiled at each other and looked at their remaining herm friends who were done and exhausted. "I suppose we're done here~." Blade said trying to push her to the side, but she was exhausted after their ordeal. "Can you get up?" "Nah... Too tired to get up..." Daisy drowsily said. "So what are we going to do?" Blade asked trying to move. "How about the hot springs in our place~? We have one here." She suggested. "Well I never been in one before." "We own one here, you'll love it~" Daisy winked. "Okay, but unless you intend to carry me there, you have to get up." Blade pointed out.
The white Florges nodded and got up as much as she could. Blade crawled out from under her and got up on shaking limbs. "We're heading to the hot spring. Anyone wanna join in~?" Daisy asked. They then see a lot of raised hands in agreement. "Well come on then." Daisy said waiting for them to get up. Everyone soon got up tirelessly and went for the onsen area. Blade carefully went in alongside the others after her. Soon, they felt a warm steam close them. Blade felt her muscles relaxing from the hot water as she slumped back. The others enjoyed it too as they start to doze off.
Blade slid to the side and felt something soft breaking her decent. She look to see Daisy smiling above her and she look to see it was her breast that broke her fall. "Huh? I'm a water-type. I have gills in my lungs, you know?" "You seemed to be sleepy, so I was offering a pillow. But if you want~..." she starts to push her a bit to slide her off. Blade nodded and gestured her to join, "Oh, I would like a pillow actually." Daisy nodded and enters the springs. Daisy moved Blade's head to rest in between her breast underwater. "Comfy?" Blade nodded gleefully. Daisy smiled as she started to close her eyes to sleep.


Alyssa(F Pachirisu)XRisi(H SPachirisu) 1

Alyssa(F Pachirisu)XRisi(H S Pachirisu) part 1
A bounty hunter searches for a famous outlaw thief. Though she soons finds herself face to face with her in a embarrassing situation, with unexpecting results.

* * *

A lone female Pachirisu wearing a bounty hunting outfit was looking at the picture of another Pachirisu. It's like her, but wearing a rugged clothes and having a different color fur than her, being a shiny. She then looked around the area, searching for a sign of her somewhere. It's a dimly lit cave area, with small glowing rocks within. "This has to be the place..." She muttered. Bracing herself, she started to step into the entrance of the cave. She looked around to see anything strange. "This outlaw Risi is known for striking from unexpected places... I got to keep my guard up at all times." Alyssa said stepping slowly, but soon and unexpectedly, she was conked at the back of her head by someone!
Alyssa staggered a bit, trying to turn around before falling on her back. The last thing she saw was a blurry vision of an EleSquirrel standing above her. Alessa then blacks out. Alyssa consciousness starts to come back as her eyelids slowly opened. As she did, she tries to move but she couldn't and felt more breezy than usual. 'Why can't I move, and why I feel a breeze around me?' She looked down and saw to her surprise, she was naked and tied to a rope! "Wh-What the hell, what's going on here!?" She cried out as she starts to struggle, but the ropes were too tight for her and then she heard chuckling. "Who's there?"
She look to see a pachirisu like her, but with pink stripes instead of blue, with a busty DD cups to her D's and a bigger butt. "Risi?!" Alyssa called out in anger and shock. "Hello~, Ms. Alyssa~" "I knew I find you hiding around here." Alyssa said still struggling. "Well, I have something planned for you~" Risi said, twirling herself and shaking her breasts. The tied electric type blushes a bit, "When I get out of this, you'll be sorry." "Oh~? How about we feel sorry together~?" Risi said, lowering herself on Alessa. "Hey what are you doing? Get away!" She cries out shaking her head, but Risi only responded by licking her chest and rubbing her vagina.
Alyssa tried to stiffen a moan as she tugs at the ropes, but the wetness between her legs betrayed her as she did started to get wet. "S-stop it!" she stutters. Risi just giggled and licked lower to her thighs. Alyssa softly moan from the licking as she started to struggle less. Risi noticed this and kisses her hips, getting nearer to her crotch. Alyssa flinched feeling that, "H-hey don't go there!" Risi grinned and slowly leaned in before gently planting her lips on Alessa's pussy. "Hmmmm.." *Alyssa groaned out from the touch.
Risi just stayed put in her slow-pressing smooch on her pussy. "What's with you? Cut this out right now." "Mmm~..." Risi just murred as she opens her mouth and stretches Alessa's pussy lips and takes a slow rough lick. "Gahhh!" Alyssa gasp out as she shudders from the unwanted pleasure she feels. "Yum~... Like a sweet berry fruit~!" Risi decided to lick some more and suckled her vaginal juices. "S-stop it!" she starts trembling as she shudders and moans from the pleasurable feeling, but Risi responds by thrusting her tongue in her pink soft smooth labia.
Alyssa starts panting as the pink Pachirisu continues testing out her waters as her body shivers. She was almost about to release until she felt her tongue left her slit. Her body started to relax, though a part of her was disappointed as she looked up at Risi who laid her body down on hers, mashing their breasts together and Risi stares lovingly in Alyssa's eyes. "H-hey, a little too close don't you think?" she asked, blushing a little embarrassingly and not as angry as she was before. "Aww~... But you're so cute now for a bold bounty hunter~!" Risi chimed, nuzzling her nose against Alessa's. "I'm not cute! I'm serious and formidable." Alyssa argues back face redding even more.
Risi giggles and kisses her in the lips hard. Alyssa grunted from the sudden action, unintentionally opening her mouth in a effort to gasp. Risi took the opportunity to snake her tongue in her mouth. Alyssa made slight grunts as her eyes sparkled, feeling herself relaxing in the embrace. 'Ugh~... It feels so warm and soft~...' Alessa thought drowsily. She tried to wrap her arms around her, but remembers her arms are still tied. Risi noticed this and used her tail to cleverly untie them all. Feeling her arms freed, she proceeded to hug Risi deeply.
Risi then thrusted her hips hard at Alyssa's, causing something to poke into her labia! 'What the? I didn't see anything on her.' Alyssa thought as she tried to look down, but Risi held their heads in the kiss while bucking her hips. Alyssa tried to push off her mouth. "What are you poking me with?" "Don't you feel it in your pussy~?" Risi muffled as she kept thrusting and licking.
"Y-yeah but I don't know what it is." she muffled back as their lips touch again. "Just wait until you cum~..." Risi suggested naughtily. Alyssa refuses to wait as she starts to push Risi back to see what she's hiding. She then see what was in her pussy. "Now what are you hi..ding?" she paused a bit at the sight of something pretty big. It was pink, long and twitiching inside. "Are... are you a..." she stutter as she tries to finish the question. Risi nodded and thrusts back in. "A herm~" Alyssa gasp as the tip pushed into her pussy. "Hey, a little heads up next time?" she said shuddering. Risi just giggled. "Meh~!" And thrusted in and out of Alyssa.
The normal Pachirisu murrs and moans as Risi's cock rubs her walls. "Ooohhh~..." "Feeling good~?" The Shiny Pachirisu teased as she went slow in and out. "Uh..um.." she looked away shyly, embarrassed to answer. Risi then went all the way in and wiggled left and right, a way to tickle Alyssa's labia with her dick. "Well~...?" "Well... a little bit~.." Alyssa teased winking at the outlaw, and also tightening her vaginal walls around her member, squeezing it. "Only a little~?" Risi teased, trailing her fingers along Alyssa's fur. She then wraps her tail around her body.
Alyssa shudders at the softness. "What is this now?" she asked moaning in bliss. She then wraps her own tail around Risi. "I want you to be honest with me~..." Risi said. "Okay~... I'm melting~... I'm melting in bliss~...! I... I want to just relax~!" Alessa moaned as she moves her crotch for more pleasure. "Aww, you're melting? Don't worry, I'll help you with that." Risi starts to move faster. "Aaiiee~! More~! I want to feel like I'm massaged inside~!" Alessa squealed as her pink walls were practically sucking her dick. "You poor squirrel. I'll take care of you~." she goes harder while massaging Alyssa's d cups with her DDs~!
Alyssa moans out in increased pleasure. "I feel something coming~." she said nuzzling Risi's cheeks. "Aw~, here~! Let my big, soft, warm titties make you feel like you're cuddling me with ecstasy~!" Risi mewled at her, rubbing and squishing their boobs together. Alyssa whinnes as she pushes back to her thrust, trying to get her release. "Eee~! You want my seed inside you or do you wanna get messy all over~?!" Risi offered to fill Alessa up or coat her with pearly-White ribbons of cum. "I don't care, just let me cum!" Alyssa whines beggingly.
Risi smiled and kept on going and continued until finally~... She cried out, coating Alyssa's insides white with her seed. She moaned at how hot and creamy it was as she splashed her thick fluids out her vagina. As her own juices mix in with Risi's. The Shiny Pachirisu pulled out and has her remaining seed splatter on Alyssa. Alyssa shudders feeling warmth as she smiles alongside Risi. Who grinned at how adorable Alessa is covered in white cum and naked. "Wow... I never experience something like that before~." Alyssa admitted panting. "Yeah, me neither~" Risi agreed but frowned. "Uh... you okay?" "You're gonna turn me in, right?"
Alyssa frowned as well, but get the idea as she lay down, "Hahh, I can hardly move." "Huh? Why?" Risi asked, curious. "Well maybe I like to try this stuff again in the future." Alyssa admitted. "Oooh~... How about now~?" Risi seductively said, hugging her from behind and groping her tits. Alyssa murrs from the feeling as she uses her tail to rub her pussy. "I thought you had to go?" "Well~... You said you can hardly move~" Risi licked the back of Alyssa's baby blue ear. "Huhhh~.." she shudders from the lick. "So wouldn't you escape?" "Nope~! I want you forever~..." Risi then inserts her tail in her pussy. "Wha?" she asked while moaning in pleasure. "Why me?" "Because you're adorably bold~ I want you as my mate~!"
Alyssa's face blushes bright red. 'M-m-mate?' her pussy wettens at the idea. Risi nods and kisses her cheek. "Please don't say no~..." Alyssa murrs and moans, "Ahh... I need some convincing... where will you be going next~?" she asked winking. Risi answered by thrusting in her anus! "Hahh... Not what I meant~!" she said, but moaning in response. "But don't your anal muscles feel good~?" She asked, going in closer, stretching her butthole wider. She tries to stiffen a moan, "Maybe?" she asked trying not to moan as well.
Risi grinned and inserted her tail and member in deeper inside. "Don't lie to me~." Risi grins at the bounty hunter. "Aaahhh~!" Alyssa moaned out loud as she felt her walls being filled and explored. "It feels great, wonderful even.~" she wailed out in pleasure. Risi smirked and asked. "Can we buy some skimpy but luxurious princess outfits later~?" "What for?" she asked. "To show that we're mates~!" "You're jumping the gun! You got to convince me at two different places." Alyssa said. Risi grinned and slid her two appendages even deeper inside Alyssa. "So where will you go next? Oohh.." she moans rubbing her with her tail. "What do you mean exactly?" "Where can I find you next time of course." "How about you tell me where you live~?" "What, I thought you like playing when you caught me?" "I really want to be your mate and live with you forever~..." "You gotta prove it! I'm not just some soft squirrel you can woo to marrage on our first date. You gotta keep going at it." she said.
Risi smiled and thrusted in as hard as she can! "So this is a date?" Risi asked. Alyssa blushed as she remembered the words. "Yeah, it's a date~." Risi giggled and nuzzled her affectionately as she goes faster and harder, almost as if she is raping her. Though the pleasured cries and moans show that she's enjoying it as well. Risi then feels close so she slides her tail deep into Alessa's cervix and tapped it a few times. Alyssa moans close to cumming, but holds back, but Risi tugs her nipples and pulls them long. She moans as she climax, nearly falling down, but Risi catches her and lays her down, still playing and pulling her nipples hard.
JShe moans softly as she wrap her tail around Risi and rub her softly. She sighed at the warm of her tail and keeps pinching and twisting her nipples tight. "So now will you tell me where will you going next?" Alyssa asked. "With you~!" Risi chimed and hugged her firmly."You still think you got me convince, with one date, that I'll be your mate?" she smirks. Risi nodded and kisses her passionately. "Well like I said, you gotta convince me two more times... at different locations." she muffled, not faltering.
Risi whimpered not know where she meant, but then her mind clicked as she figured out what she meant. "Maybe I'll be at a thick flowery forest~." Risi answered. "Is that where you live?" "No, but that'll where I'll be heading next if you intent to try and catch me." Risi grinned and suggested. "Let's go wash up~!" "Need help getting up." Risi complied, carrying Alessa to a pool of water. She set her inside it, shuddering from the coolness. Risi then backed away before rushing in to jump in the pool. "Cannonball~!" Alyssa gasp out as the splash soaked her completely. Risi then emerges majestically with her breasts and erect nipples bounced upwards with water droplets flying. "What the hell was that for?" she yells, but was also taken back by the shiny's beauty. "I love impressing my mates~!" Risi said cutely. Alyssa smiles, 'If she does so well on first dates, I wonder how the other two will be like?' she thought as the two snuggle together.


AlyssaXRisi part 2

Alyssa(F Pachirisu)XRisi(H S Pachirisu) part 2

* * *

"So this is where you're hiding huh?" Alyssa looked over the entrance of a forest full of apple trees with flowers too. She was also naked as she knew she'd have to be prepared. She stepped into the forest, looking around for any signs of the white and pink squirrel. She kept looking until she humphed and crossed her arms, covering her breasts. "So far nothing... I must be careful, I won't be knocked out by her this time." she said making sure to look back every so often.
As she walks, he felt something snapped and in the next thing she knew, she was whisked upside down with a rope tying her feet. "What the? Oh no, I forgot she's known for setting up traps!" Alyssa said trying to reach for the ropes. "Hi~!" A familiar voice called out to her. Alyssa looks ahead as a pink and white furred Pachirisu was in front of her smiling. "Oh hi. Um it seems I got caught in one of your traps." she chuckled embarrassed. "Yes, you did~!" Risi smiled as she leaned in to Alyssa's vagina mouth. "Well, if you let me go, I'll be sure to leave~." she blushes as she said that.
Risi just responded by kissing her pussy. "Ahh~!" she moans as she felt the tickling feeling from her lips. Risi then snaked her tongue in her labia. "Ahh~. Right there, that's the spot~." Risi smiled as she didn't know Alyssa would accept this time so she went in deeper. the normal Pachirisu murred as she wondered something about Risi. "How you, ohh~. became a outlaw, Mmph~, in a first place~?" "Meh... I was abandoned and had hard times being a herm." "R-really?" Alyssa asked, sounding shocked and saddened. "Mmhm..." Risi nodded, still licking Alyssa's vagina. "Ngh..." she moans out from the pleasurable experience. "I'm sorry you had that life.""It doesn't matter. I learned to live with myself." Risi muffled, now sucking Her pussy. "By the way, how did you become a bounty hunter?"
Alyssa caught her breath as she responded. "Well I wanted to stop criminals since I lost my parents in a fire caused by bandits when I was young." "Mmm~... Did you ever found the bandits who killed your parents?" "Yeah, I did. While they got justice, it didn't help with my lonesomeness." Alyssa said, shuddering from the tongue. "Umm... You didn't kill them, did you?" Alyssa shakes her head. "I'm wasn't going to become like them." Alyssa said. Risi sighed in relief as she kept on eating her out. "Can't I do anything for you~?" she asked. "Well, maybe be my mate?"
Alyssa sported a funny grin as she shakes her head. "You can't try to shortcut your way out of the plan Risi~." she said. Risi humphed and thrusted her tongue deeper inside to lick her labia faster. "Gahh~..." she moans and panted in pleasure. Risi got aroused by Alyssa's moans and felt her member grow from her groin. "Risi... you're thing is showing~." Alyssa giggles while she pokes it with her lips and tongue. Risi moans as she continued kissing Alyssa's vagina affectionately. Alyssa soon reaches her mouth to her member and engulfed it in her mouth.
Risi murrs from the feeling as she licks while also thrusting gently. Alyssa enjoyed the warmth of her cock and started sucking it passionately. "Ahh~... Lick at it as much as you like~." she said murring. Alyssa complied as she licked around her member. "Ohh... your mouth feels so heavenly." "Mmhm~..." She agreed as she kept sucking. She continues to lick Alyssa for the enjoyable suck. "You're really good." "Mmm~!" Alyssa muffled. She moves her paws to fondle Risi's DD breast. Risi gasped when she felt her chest groped. "What~? With breast like those, they're just begging to be squeezed?" she muffled on her cock. "Agh~! My boobs sure are~!" Risi let her tongue out hanging.
Risi then noticed Alyssa's own D cups and uses her tail to rub them. While she gropes Alessa's butt cheeks with her paws. "Mmph~!" Alyssa muffles from the feeling. "Aww~! Feeling triple-pleasured by my sexiness~?" Risi teases her naughtily. "Yes of course~." she moans as her body trembles in pleasure. Risi then stretch her butt cheeks and went orally for her anus. Alyssa started to suck harder and faster, complying for the shiny. They soon felt like letting loose their thick fluids in each other's mouths. "Risi~... I'm close~." "Yeah, me too~!" She muffled in agreement and licked faster.
The two increased their paces until they both climax at the same time. Risi's seed gushed into Alessa's mouth and her throat. "Umgh~..Gummph~." Alyssa murrs as she swallows down all Risi offered, and Risi drunk up as much of her pussy cum as it spilled. The two were flushed as she look at the shiny squirrel and blushed. "I never really noticed how groomed your fur was. As well as the nice coloring~." "Thanks~ You look hot too~!" "Thanks, though it's not as special as a shiny pokemon~." she shrugged. "But blue looks good on you, y'know~?" Risi chimed as she tickled Alessa's clit. "Thanks Risi~." she smiles. "Can you get me down, my head's starting to hurt from being upside down.""Oh sure~" Risi complies.
Risi uses her tail to cut the rope to let Alyssa down. "Thanks Risi~." Risi also brushed the leaves or grass off her with her tail. Alyssa shudders from the fur brushes off her. "So... so soft~." she swooned looking at Risi fur smiling. She decides to do the same with her own tail and brushes Risi. "How does my tail feel~?" she asked brushing the dust off the pink outlaw! "Really fluffy~!" Risi coos from her tail and licks it. Alyssa blushes, "Thanks Risi~." She smiles blushing. "So you want to do more~?" "Mmhm~! Want me in your butt~?" Risi nodded and presents her cock to her.
Alyssa smiled and nodded, rolling onto all fours, "I still can't believe I'm doing this~." "Well, you already are~!" Risi then plunges in directly. Alyssa gasped and moans as the cock enters her ass. "Letting myself get seduced again by you~." she said blushing as she felt Risi's soft fur on top of her. Not to mention, feeling her DDs on her back. She blushes as she felt Risi pulls out then thrust in. "Ohh... That feels goood~..." "Yeah, your ass feels tight~!" Risi moans as she was in ecstasy. "Ahh~... How did you fell for me anyway~?" she asked murring in bliss. "Because when I saw you rounding up those other outlaws, you looked so cool~..."
She blushes. "I looked cool?" she said not believing that. "Not many people see bounty hunters cool." "Why is that?" Risi asked, confused. "They just see us like every kind of cop just able to go further to get bad guys." "And the proper authorities think they're too OP?" "Yep." Alyssa said. Risi was slightly surprised, Alyssa gets paid by the clients but not appreciated by the public. "Eh.. What can you do about it." Alyssa shrugged. "I'm used to it anyway." "I want to be your mate~..." Risi murred. "I know but... why? There are bounds to better than me?" she murrs as a jolt of pleasure flow through her. "I don't want to be alone anymore..." Risi said sadly.
That actually left a sting at her heart. 'She's been alone for some time... she's not as bad as they said.' Alyssa thought as she use her tail to rub Risi's back. Risi sighed at the soft warm comfort of her tail. "Come on... please keep going~?" she asked. "Only if you promise to be my mate during our third date~." Risi teased, threatening to pull out. "If the date is just as great as this one, I'll go on my knee and propose to you~." Alyssa promised. Risi smiled and thrusts back in roughly! Alyssa moaned out in bliss as she moves her tail to be near Risi's, rubbing it softly.
Risi responded by wrapping her tail up with Alessa's. "So soft~..." Alyssa murrs as she felt her pussy getting wetter. She then moved her paw to rub it tenderly. "H-hey, no. I'll cum if you do that~." She slurrs from the rubbing. "You mean, you wanna do my pussy too~?" "Well, if you want me to afterwards~." she grins as she goes faster in Alyssa. "Aaah~! I do I do!" "Well, here comes one for your rump~." she said as she moans as she pumps into Alyssa. Releasing her sperm into her anal walls~! Alyssa moans out as she climax as well. "So... warm~." she said as she lay down and relax
Risi collapsed as well as she stroked her dick to re-harden it. "This was a amazing date~." Alyssa smiled as she turned to face Risi. "Yeah~... Want one more? I can hold one leg up for you~" She smiled as she nods her head. "Though I'm a bit tired... so can we have sex while we sleep~?" she winks at the pink Pachirisu. "But how do we sex when we're asleep?" Risi asked, unsure what to do. "Well you're still hard... so I'll lay on my side." Alyssa lays on her side. "No, I mean do we both sleep-sex or does one of use goes to sleep?" "Oh, let's sleep sex." she offered. "... I still don't get it." Risi answered. "I say you slip into my pussy and thrust in me softly as we sleep~." She said. "Okay, but your leg will still rest on my shoulder, right?" "Why you need to do that?" Alyssa asked. "How else am I gonna fuck you when you're lying down on your side?" Risi pointed out. "Point." she said as she lifted her leg up.
Risi then grabs it and has it rest on her shoulder and pokes Alessa's push lips with her penis. "The second date went so well. I can't wait what you have to offer on the third one~." Alyssa said purring. "I'm wearing that luxurious gold and colourful princess outfit on an island~ Wear one too~" Risi purred back. "Same color?" she asked, trying to get a mental image. "Different, I'm wearing blue and you pink~" Risi said before thrusting inside. "All right got it~." Alyssa murrs as she feels her cock spreading her pussy open.
They then went to sleep with Risi thrusting in. 'She's so gentle and kind... maybe being her mate would be very nice... plus she wouldn't be lonely anymore.'Alyssa thought before sleep overtakes her. 'She's so good to me~... I can't wait to be with her forever and ever~...' Risi thought as she sleeps while still thrusting, hoping to cum as many times in Alessa as they sleep. The two were moaning as the two climax through the night.


AlyssaXRisi3

Alyssa(F Pachirisu)XRisi(H S Pachirisu) part 3

* * *

Alyssa walked around the sandy areas, looking at the trees. "Wow, never heard of this place." Alyssa said looking around the place. She then looked at what she is wearing for her third date. It was some skimpy outfit with a headpiece with a cobra coiled around it, a small chestplate covering her nipples and nothing else, and some lower garmets with a pink sash covering her legs. "I still can't believe I have to wear this... These metallic undergarments are uncomfortable for my privates..." Alessa muttered, tapping the plates on her chest and panty area. "What does she sees in this?" she asked herself as she starts to take a walk. "I gotta say, I do enjoy walking around this place." Alyssa said smiling.
She then looked up the trees and saw how tropical-looking their big leaves are. "Wow so big... hmhmhm, I wonder how the 'Beautiful bandit' will make her appearance~?" she asked looking around. She then posed and dance a bit just to make sure and taunt her somewhere around. "A ranger of justice comes forth! Weaing a dazzling headpiece and small garments. A flash a pink flashes in the wind showing my weapons in full view. You better watch out, cause Alyssa, the boldly cute bounty hunter is on the case~!" she calls out. "Wow~! If you were naked, it'd be sexier~!" A familiar voice called out.
She smiled as she looked around. "Come out where I can see you~!" she said playing the act. "In the shadows reveals a beautiful bandit in sights~! Sporting a sexy and shiny outfit, showing most of her shame and beauty~! Whenever I want to, I can expose my most precious private~! Here she is~, Risi, the adorably spunky outlaw~!" Risi roll called and was wearing a similar but differently coloured outfit as Alyssa.
Her sash is blue unlike Alyssa's pink one. "I figure I find you here. Now I'll be taking you in~!" Alyssa announced, feigning seriousness. "You mean, taking me into your custody and make me your mate~?" Risi turns and wiggles cutely, her eyes closed with a shy smile. "You'll find out soon enough~!" Alyssa said as she ran towards her. Risi just jumped away but her sash was grabbed and torn a bit. "Resisting? Good, I love a challenge~." Alyssa grins as she ran to her again. Risk giggled as she ran around the trees and soon a muddy area. 'Got her.' Alyssa thought as she caught up with her.
Risi seductively walked around a bit, not minding her feet getting dirty. Alyssa walked to follow her as well. Her feet squishing into the mud. 'I gotta say, she's doesn't flinch at the possibility of getting dirty. I'm impressed.' Alyssa thought. "Geez... These golden parts... How do ladies get used to them?" Risi asked herself tapping at her crotch area. "Hey, you're the one who suggested we wear these~!" Alyssa said hearing her complaint. Risi then charged at Alessa and tackled her into the mud! Alyssa grunted from the impact as her back area was stained in mud as she tries to struggle, then Risi rolled them over so both of them are covered in mud. "Ha. Gotcha!" Alyssa cried out.
Their breasts began touching. "You put up a talented fight. But justice always prevails." "What about love~?" Risi struggled as she sneaked her paw into Alyssa's sash and on her pussy. "Ngh~. Hahh~..." Alyssa made a gasp as her pussy was touched, then she let out a moan as it was being softly rubbed. Risi then takes the opportunity to kiss her in the lips. Alyssa kept a calm face as it also reddens with a blush as she stares into the shiny pokemon's eyes. They wrestled each other's tongues as they kiss.
Alyssa leaned on top of Risi as she started to fondle and run the pink squirrel's breast, but then Risi pulled back. "Whoa, let's take this to the waterfall to clean up, alright?" "Or better yet, I heard there was a hot spring nearby as well?" Risi added remembering that part. "Heh, fine by me~!" The two got up and Alyssa followed Risi to the hot spring. They then take off their clothes and put them to wash. She washed the metal parts quickly and cleaned the sash it came with. She took a look at Risi to see how she's doing.
She was doing a good job washing her outfit, despite it being the only clothing for them to wear, forcing them to go naked. Seeing she could use a bath herself, Alyssa slowly slips into the springs, sighing from the temperature, but she didn't expect getting cannonball-ed by Risi who jumped in and tackled her in the hot water! "Aiee! Cold water is one thing, but cannonballing into a hot spring is not a good idea!" She calls out. Lifting her head, feeling like her body stung or bitten by hot water. Egnh! I hope I didn't get any burns from this!'
Alessa rubbed her face. 'It feels like someone used Scald on me...' She then feels Risi rubbing the areas that was splashed with the hot water. "Nope, nope I won't forgive you for this." she humphs. "Aww~... But you're like a little girl not wanting to take a bath~!" Risi chimed and teased, rubbing her tail and hips. "T-that's not true~!" she said blushing. "Aw, but you're so cute~!" Risi then squeezed her buttocks. Alyssa made a embarrassed whimper, "How do you always know what to say to make me feel embarrassed~?" she asked trying to move away. "That's easy, we're Pachirisus after all~!" "I don't get it." she said stopping to be about 8 inches away.
Risi grinned and then rushed in and tickled Alessa! "Ah~! Ahahaha~!" she started giggling from the ticklish feeling spreading through her. "Tickle tickle tickle~!" Risi said as she tickles Alessa's stomach and then her hips, then her butt cheeks. Alyssa moves her hands and tickle Risi back herself. Risi giggled softly, but isn't affected by her tickling and tickles harder at Alessa's butt. Alyssa tries to tickle harder herself, moving one paw to Risi's butt, the other to her pussy.
Risi gasped but then went and pinched then pulled Alessa's nipples. "Oh, does the cute outlaw have a soft spot for getting her holes tickled~?" she asked, enduring the pinching to go at it more. Risi grunted and then lightly bit her neck. "Ah~!" She grunted from the feeling as she tickles the pussy with her tail and moves to tickle Risi's underbelly. Risi responded by using her own tail at Alessa's pussy. Alyssa moans from the feeling. "Who's the affectionate little bandit~? You are~?" she mews cutely in Risi's ear as she nuzzles her yellow cheeks with her own. Causing a bit of light blue sparks from their yellow pouches.
They giggled a bit as Alyssa continues. "You had such lovely fur. I could just snuggle with you all the time~." "As my mate~?" Alyssa giggles. "Mayyybe~?" she giggles. Risi sighed in pleasure as she felt her member rise up. "You're so easy to get in the mood~. All I did was tickle you, made sweet talk and you're getting stiff~." Alyssa giggled. "I don't wanna be arrested and put in jail..." Risi whimpered. Alyssa paused out of confusion, as she expected more teasing, not this kinds of words. "Please... If I want to be put in a cage, I want to be in yours~..."
Alyssa made a small smile as she wrap her arms around Risi comfortingly. "You don't have to be in a cage~." "Wha?" Risi asked softly. "I wouldn't do that to someone like you. It'll break my heart." she said, moving to look at Risi's face which was brimming with tears as she sobbed. Alyssa uses her paws to wipe some of them away from her face. "You okay?" "I love you~..." Risi said, puckering her lips a bit for a kiss. Alyssa smiles as she moves a bit closer. "I love you too~..." They then kiss more passionately than before.
They wrap their tongues around, entwining them as tight as they could, holding paws as they make out. Alyssa feels funny inside as her chest felt a little lighter than usual. It was almost as if she feels the need to protect Risi, which emphasizes as she hugs Risi deeper and closer to herself. Her pussy felt her cock pressing against it. The two separated their tongues and mouths, saliva dripping from them with panted breaths. They then noticed they crotches touching and decided to get it over with already. Alyssa headed to the edge and lifted herself out of it, helping Risi up.
She noticed Risi's big smile. "Why are you so happy~?" "I'm... Gonna be married~..." Alyssa giggled. "But you haven't even asked the question yet." she pointed out. Risi hugged her while being carried. "I'm so happy to be with you~... I wanna be by your side forever~..." "The question~." Alyssa sings out. "Will you marry me, Alessa~?" Risi asked with sparkly eyes. Alyssa look at the shiny Pachirisu deeply in the eyes, smiling warmly. "Yes. I'll marry you, and be by your side... for eternity~." she said, nuzzling her head. "Will you have my babies too~?" Risi licked cutely at her sensitive ear. "Oh? Wanna have a family too?" she asked curious.
Risi blushed and nodded shyly. "Sure. We can start making some when we get home." "After you could convince your clients?" Risi suggested as she is still wanted. "Yeah. With you since you only charges are theft, they'll place you under probation supervised by me." Alyssa said. "You'll still have some bounty money?" Risi asked. "Yep, got it pretty good." she said as they reached a small boat. It resembled a private boat and it is fast.
Alyssa put Risi inside and strapped herself in. "Just to fit the part." she got some rope and binded the outlaw. "Hey, where are our clothes?" "Oh right. Be right back." she dashed off to get their clothes. Risi then played with her junk as Alyssa went out to get it. A couple minutes later, she returned holding their clothes. "I'm back." "Oh, that was fast. Hey, does this boat have an autopilot?" "Um... yeah, why?" "So we can 'rock the boat~'!" Risi seductively answered. Alyssa smiled, "Aww, my cute little bandit missed me and felt lonely~?" she asked climbing on the boat. "Eh, just set it for your home so we can do each other already~!" Risi said impatiently.
She smirked as she turned it on and set it to autopilot and set a course to home. They then get into one of the bedrooms of the ship. Alyssa giggled as she pushed the shiny pokemon onto the bed. "Um~... Can I move my limb now?" Risi asked, playing with her junk with her tail. "Nah, I'll keep you like that~..." she takes another rope and wrap her tail to her body. "H-Hey...! What are you doing?" "What, you think I'm going to let you slip out of the ropes with your tail~? Don't think that I forgotten what happened first time." Risi remembered and blushed. "Can we still sex?" "Of course we can~." she climbed on top of the bed, crawling towards her. "You know something~?" Risi shook her head. "You look adorable. All tied up and vulnerable in front of me~." she said with a dominant, seductive tone.
Risi blushed, getting wet and hard. She moves her paws and started rubbing the herms shaft. Which hardened a bit more, leaking some pre. She reached down and took a lick. Risi moaned at the feeling of her tongue. Alyssa shudders from the taste as she licks more and more. Risi moaned as she felt her cock throbbing at her licks. "Enjoying it so far sweetie~." Alyssa asked. Risi nodded and mewled. "Let me inside you~..." She looks at her, "Where~?" "My member in your vagina~..." Alyssa grins as she started to slowly move over Risi. She then lined her pussy at her cock. "So you ready~?" she asked smiling as she caress Risi's cheek. "Mmhm~!" Risi nodded willingly.
Alyssa started to slowly press her mate's cock against her pussy. She gasped and felt her juices in her pussy leak a bit. Risi moans as Alyssa rubs her pussy up and down her length. She soon felt her dick slide in her pussy. Risi groans out as she feels the tightness there despite their encounters. Alyssa feels thickness around her cock as she moaned loud. She then wraps her paws on Risi's breast and started ticking them. She then giggled as she felt it. Alyssa smiles as she starts to move faster up and down. Risi mewled as her dick felt comfortable in the tight moist walls of hers.
Alyssa shudders a bit, feeling a jolt of pleasure. "I think I'm going to cum~." "Want me to cum inside you~?" Risi asked cutely, ready to let loose. "Do you have a choice~?" Alyssa asked just as cute. Risi nodded and thrusted upwards and climaxed like a volcano. Alyssa cries out as she climax hard as well. Then she lay down next to Risi. They both panted as they lay there, covered and filled with cum. Alyssa smiles as she sees Risi moving over her, but then got confused. "I thought I tied you up~." She pointed out. "I have my methods~..." Risi winked. "You were able to slip your tail out because the rope wasn't tight enough?" Risi nodded.
Alyssa sighs as she looks at the Risi. Who looks back lovingly at her for a kiss. "Go right ahead~.". They then puckered their lips and smooch together. All the while, she feels Risi's cock moving to touch her entrance. "One more~?" Alessa asked, muffled. "If you let me~." She asked. "Be dominant?" Alessa guessed. She nods, nuzzling her head in her neck. "Sure, you can be dominant as long as you keep rubbing me." Risi awed with glee as her eyes shine. "What's with that look?" She asked, sounding a bit embarrassed at the state."I love you so much~..."
Alyssa blushes and moans as she felt the tip slides into her. "I love you too, girlfriend~..." Alyssa shudders as she felt drowsy from the fuzzyness of her fur. She then dozed off as her pussy was still feeling the pleasure within. "Awww, she fell asleep." Risi said petting her head. She then thrusted in and out of her. "Sweet dreams mate~." She said in her ear. Alyssa moans as she dreams with her body getting sexed in her sleep.
(Timeskip)
When they reached land, Alyssa brought Risi to the authorities. As they handled business, she request that she'll be placed under probation under her watch, and they accepted. Afterwards, they live peacefully in Alessa's house and love each other no matter what. One morning, Alyssa woke up, feeling a bit nauseous for some reason. "Something's up, honey~?" Risi asked, coming inside. "I don't feel well. Like my stomach is whirling around." "Whirling around?" Risi asked. "Yeah, a upset stomach or something." "Hmm... Maybe you're...?" "What?" "Pregnant?" Risi said sheepishly.
She blushes at the words. "Really?" Risi nodded, blushing the same as Alyssa. "We better make sure." Alyssa said, getting up and heading to the bathroom. She then grabbed a pregnancy test and placed it at her stomach. A few moments passed and then a beep has sounded, showing a plus sign! "Risi... I'm.." "Shh... It's okay... It's alright~..." She comforted her. She starts sobbing as she hugs Risi lovingly. Risi was confused and stroked her back. "I'm... Sorry." Alyssa looked confused, "Why apologized?" "I thought it's regretful of me impregnating you?" "You asked if we could have kids. Do you forget that~?" She asked teasingly.
Risi blushed as she knew that. "No need to apologize. We both intended this." Alyssa said and embraced her herm wife. Risi hugs her back, licking Alyssa ear, then kisses it. Alyssa giggles at the touch, but also finds herself being pushed to their bed. "Risi, you okay?" Risi nodded. "I'm fine, just a little touchy is all~" Before she can say anything, she's on their bed with Risi on top. Alyssa smiled and kissed her once more. "You wanna go again?" Risi shook her head. "Our baby is growing inside, let's another time~..." "Good point." she nods her head. "So we'll just cuddle." she said holding Risi closer, and nuzzled her cheek against hers. The two hugged and rubbed each other for a long while.
(Timeskip)
Alyssa was watering the flowers at the yard of their home. She was humming a soft tune until soft voices sounded behind her. It was a couple of Pachirisu sisters, one normal and one shiny. "Mama!" They cried out as they ran and hugged her. Alyssa smiled and looked around for Risi. "Have you seen your other mama?" Alyssa asked her kids. They shook their heads until Risi showed up, waving. "There she is. Come and say hi." Alyssa told her mate. Risi then came to them and they all had a group hug together.
Alyssa nuzzled them as she asked. "Where you been Risi?" "Just dancing around our home~" "Aww, you should've told me. I would've joined you~." She kissed her as their daughters looked at them confusedly. "Uh... Mommies? What are you doing?" They heard their kids words and stopped and looked at them. "Oh sorry, we were..." Alyssa paused, trying to find the right words. "We're in love~" Risi answered. Alyssa blushed as she looked at the shiny. "Risi." Risi just giggled as she nuzzles her family. The kids nuzzle them as Risi said "The two of us will be bathing, so you two can go play."
The girls nodded and continued playing when they got off. " Risi, don't you think that's a little far, telling them we're in love?" Alyssa asked, walking with her. "I'm sure they'll think small." Risi shrugged. "Huh?" "They're too young to understand romance~!" "I heard some cases which the dating we're related." Alyssa explained. Risi smirked. "Anyway, wanna have that bath~?" "Sure." She said as they headed to the bathroom and set the water before heading in.
Risi washes Alyssa's back as they started to get comfy in the waters. "So, did all of your dreams came true?" Alyssa asked. Risi nodded as she went for her boobs. Alyssa sighed from the rubbing as she smiled. "I'm happy for that then." They then relax as they start to get sexy in their bath. "Unum, you're not getting too hot are you~?" "It depends on the water temperature. Should we cool it down?" Risi said and asked. "If you want it." She starts to move to it, and turned the water to a cool temp. "That better?" Risi nodded to Alyssa. She smiled and rested on the bath edge, relaxing. As she felt her body massaged at her privates. "Hhmmm." She sighs at the feeling as she stares at the ceiling.
So dreamily as she is lost in relaxation. She let out a soft moan as she felt pleasure. Her pussy also felt like opening a little. 'So good... It feels so real.' Alyssa thought happily, her body trembling. Feeling though she wants to cum. Her tail moves side to side in the water, her nipples hard from arousal as Alyssa panted fast. Risi's cock then erected and pressed at Alyssa's butt. "Mmm.. Mmph..Huh?" she started opening her eyes.
Alessa couldn't move her arms and legs for some reason. She tries to look at them to see what happened... She then finds herself in bed, still wet and wrapped around the torso with her arms wrapped as well. She tried to get out of the wrapped towel. But it was tied up nice and tight. "How did this happen, I was in the bath moments ago." she groaned still struggling. Risi was nearby, dripping wet herself. "Heehee, you were sexually daydreaming that you were lost in fantasy~!" "Was I really that into it? What happened?" "You dozed off when I kept massaging your privates~"
Alyssa blushes as she remember that. "What happened next?" "I had an idea of deja vu~" Risi grinned as she tickled Alyssa's nipples. Alyssa giggled at the feeling. "Um did you also~..." "Also what?" "I mean... I felt my pussy widening during the bath and such. Did anything happen?" "You were being aroused by the water~" Risi pulled Alyssa's nipples, stretching them a bit long. "Ahh~... So you never mated with me while I was daydreaming in the water~?" "Nah, I just used your dozed off state to my advantage~" Risi said, still tugging Alyssa's nipples hard and they start to hurt a bit.
Alyssa doesn't really believe she didn't mate in the bath, but she winces from it as she looked up. "How so?" "Ahem, your current position?" Risi pointed out as her hold on her nipples slip off, making Alyssa gasp sharply. "Ahh, my nipples." she shuddered as she felt herself getting wet. Risi smirked before spreading Alyssa's hips wide open. She look at he opened hips now, blushing at seeing herself vulnerable like this. Alessa feels embarrassed as she's in a wet spread-eagle position. "Hmhmhm, such a adorable bounty hunter of mine~."
Risi giggled and she rubbed Alyssa's pussy with her paw. Alyss trembles as she squirms. "Eee~... I feel wet~..." She moaned as her paw tickled a bit, juices flowing a bit. "Aww, you're so adorable~." she cried out shaking her hands side to side. Alessa shook her head. "No, I'm not~..." "Aww..." Risi then pinched her clit. "Ahh~..." she cried out from the feeling. Alyssa tried to resist as her fluid flow out of her folds. "Do you want more~?" Risi asked. Alessa just groaned in pleasure and denial. Risi smiled as she moves her tail to tickle Alyssa's folds. "Aagh~!" She moaned and giggled at the ticklish pleasure between her legs.
She felt warm and blushing from the affection. She even almost felt close to cumming. "Do you want it to just stay here, or I can give you even more love and affection~?" she said in a warm tone. Risi then got herself as part of a 69 position. "Huh?" Alyssa got out as she looks at Risi's groins. "I'll taste your crotch while you do the same to me~." Alyssa blushes as she looks at the pink folds and the throbbing cock. "So which one will it be~? Cock or pussy~?" Uh... Umm... I'll take you're pussy."
Risi grinned and placed her vagina at Alyssa's mouth. "Mmm~." Alyssa moaned into it. Risi then took a lick of Alyssa's pussy. "Oooh, Risi~." she said licking back. Risi gasped as she started groping Alyssa's butt. "Alyssa~." she smiled as she squeezes. They then went on with their 69 oral session. 'I never thought I can be any happier with my life. Thank you Risi.' Alyssa thought as tears of joy ran down her eyes. And as she savoured the sweet flavour of Risi's flowing juices. 'Alyssa... Thanks to you, I have everything in my life now. I love you with all my heart and soul~.' Risi thought as she continued to eat Alyssa out.
The two share their love filled moments together, enjoying the great time. Moaning loudly as they started to cum into each other's mouths. They panted as they relaxed from the moment. Risi then turns around to grind her cock at Alyssa's vagina. "I wouldn't mind a couple more~." Alyssa teases. "Really~?" Risi asked happily with shining eyes. "Yeah, they're cute. So go right ahead~." Alyssa said. "Ah ah ah~! Only if you admit you're a cute and adorable hunter~!" Risi teased. "Risi, please don't do that~." Alyssa said her face turning red. Risi humphed and got up. "Well, I guess you don't want anymore kids, huh~?" She yelped as she shrunk down. "No I do! I really do~!" she cried out. "Then say you're a cute and adorable hunter~!"
Alyssa let out a soft whimper as she opens her mouth. "I'm a cute and adorable hunter~..." she murmured. "What was that~? I couldn't hear you~...!" "I'm a cute and adorable bounty hunter~." she whispered. Risi sighed in disappointment, expecting to hear it louder as she got off the bed. Alyssa groaned at the lost of the feeling and opened her mouth, "I'M A CUTE AND ADORABLE BOUNTY HUNTER~!" Alessa screamed at the top of lungs, practically crying. Risi stopped as she looked at the bounded Pachirisu, smiling as she started coming back.
Risi then plunged in Alessa's pussy fast and hard. Alyssa cried out as she squirmed around, trying to get her arms out, but she couldn't and realized she is the submissive one this time. "I'm just the cute submissive adorable little bounty hunter huh~?" she asked. Risi nodded as she went faster. "Oohh~..." she moans as Alyssa stares into Risi's eyes lovingly. "Risi~." "Alyssa~...!" Risi did the same as she kisses her. They kissed for a long time as their lovemaking continues. 'Maybe our kids doing this wouldn't be so bad.' she thought as she closes her eyes.


M Lucario X M Lopunny

M Lucario X M Lopunny
A Lucario visits a special strip club to meet his special girl. After talking to the Manager, he gets a private show with her.

* * *

(This contains feminization. All pokemon who are strippers are male, but The Strip Club's whole theme is that the strippers, despite being male, are treated as girls. This mean that when speaking, characters refer to them with female terms (She and Her pronouns, their ass is their "pussy," their cock is their "clit." And of course, they act like girls in bed.)
Late at night, a large location was bursting with multi colored lights and loud exotic music. Pokemon from all over were either crowding around it while some were slowly getting in. A Snorlax was at the entrance requesting id from a Lucario, who handed it to him before being allowed to enter. The jackal pokemon looked around inside and heard hooting and hollering from males while loud music blared all around. He look to see different 'females' dancing on poles or on the floor. A Mienshao twirling 'herself' around a pole. A Golduck shaking 'her' ass to the roaring crowd. Even a Liepard crawling on the floor, purring seductively as 'she' rolls around.
The Lucario chuckles, "I never get tired of the scenes." he grinned as he leaned on the metal bars alongside some other males as his favorite girl was about to perform. He heard the crowd roaring with excitement and turned to the stage. He looks and smiles as he sees a Lopunny walking down the stage in a purple bikini and matching bathing suit. All the males went wild as the pokemon winked at them before 'she' started to dance around the pole. 'She' bounced herself back and forth along the pole, then started rubbing her crotch on it. She let out a hum while the crowd stood up in excitement while Lucario soaked in every inch of her body.
'She' wrapped her legs tightly around the pole and leaned out at the crowd. "Like what you see boys?" 'she' asked in a seductive tone. "YEAH!" they cried out with lustful eyes and grins. 'She' smiled as the rabbit ran 'her' paws along her body for her admirers. "Then take a good long look." The group whistled and cheered as the Lucario looked onward, smiling a lustful grin. 'I can't wait to get 'her' all alone.' The Lopunny noticed the Lucario and reached out and rubbed his chin with 'her' soft paws."Why don't you and I get some alone time later big boy?"
The fighting type grins. "How can I get the chance?" he asked smiling. He looked around at the crowd. "I don't think any of these guys are gonna want you to leave anytime soon." "Hmm, how about you ask the manager for a 'private' show?" 'she' purrs in a soft tone. "Alright, I'll be right back." he grinned winking at 'her' before walking through the crowd. He headed to the manager room and knocked on the door. "What is it?" called a male voice back. "I'd like to talk to you about private dance for a dancer." "Come inside."
Lucario opened the door and headed into the office. Sitting behind a desk was a Gengar smoking a cigarette. "So you'd like to have a private booth with one of my dancers am I right?" "That is correct." He grins, "So which one of my 'girls' strike your fancy?" "The Lopunny." "Oh the Lopunny?" he chuckles as he thinks about her. "You're a mon with good taste." "So you can make it happen?" "Sure, but there's a price of 10 poke for a private dance." "No problem." He paid the manager the poke and was handed the key to the room. "Head upstairs and wait for the rabbit to arrive. Enjoy yourself now." "Will do." he nodded before leaving the office.
He passed by the Lopunny performing and showed her the key to room 3 for her to come to. "See ya there sweetheart." He went and sat in the room. A few minutes passed and announcement was made to announcement that 'her' show is over and that another is ready for 'her'. 'Alright, show time.' A minute passed and the door opens as the rabbit pokemon enters the room, smiling as 'she' sees the Lucario. "So, you wanted a private dance huh?" "Mmhmm, heard you're quite the charmer to males." he said getting up and looking over 'her' body. "Damn, and I can see why by a mile." "Aww, you like what you see?" 'she' asked in a teasing tone as 'she' approaches slowly. "Oh big time." he grinned.
'She' reaches forward and rubs 'her' paws over the jackal's body. "Nice tone you have." "Well let me sit down and we can get started." The Lucario moved and sat down on the chair, waiting for the show to start. "Sounds good to me." 'she' winked before the rabbit starts by making slow movements, shaking 'her' hips and legs as 'she' rubs 'her' hands along 'her' body, crouching down as 'she' moves to 'her' legs. The Lopunny started to 'rub' her paws on 'her' chest as 'she' approaches him. He grinned while feeling his sheathe start to tingle. He then noticed the Lopunny making subtle feels when 'she' moves 'her' arms and legs near his body. 'Oh this was SO worth it.'
'She' started to move onto Lucario's body, rubbing their skins sensually as 'she' hums a sweet tune. "Want to feel more?" He responds by moving his paws to rub the rabbit's thighs. "That answer your question?" "You can go further down." 'she' purred. "Well… if you insist." he growls as he moves down to cup the Lopunny's ass. "Damn, nice and firm." "I wonder…" he started as he moves a bit lower. "How does this feels?" he asked as he started rubbing the Lopunny's 'pussy'. "Mmm, more." 'she' let out a moan.
He chuckles as he started to feel her 'clit' starting to get aroused from the lap dance. "Wow, someone's loving this." 'She' blushes as she shied away embarrassed. "I can't help myself." 'she' said in a soft tone. "Well come closer and we can fix that." He said as he holds 'her' and brought 'her' close to him. 'She' eeped and blushed as he felt his thick fur on 'her' skin, blushing at the masculine scent it carried. 'She' looked down and saw the throbbing cock in between his legs. "Wow. You really are a big boy." 'she' purrs as 'she' rubs her body all over his, minding the spike on the Lucario's chest. "Care to help me out of this?" "Sure. Let's head to the bed." the Lopunny suggested as 'she' started to get off. But suddenly, 'she' felt Lucario lift her up. "Hyaah, what are you doing?" 'She' asked surprised and curious "I wasn't talking about me." he grinned.
The rabbit looks confused at what the jackal meant. That's when Lucario reached up and pulled the top of her swimsuit down. The Lopunny gasped and moved upwards to cover 'her breast' in embarrassment. "Come on, let me see them." The rabbit blushed as 'she' moved 'her' arms away, "How are they?" the rabbit asked blushing. "Nice." he grinned reaching up and rubbing against 'her' nipples. The rabbit made a soft feminine moan as 'she' hugs around him closely. "More." He starts to tease the nipples and 'her' thighs as he started moving towards the bed. They sat down with her 'clit' rubbing up against his shaft.
The rabbit shuddering with pleasure as lust builds up within him. "Now why don't you get this off?" Lucario tugged at the last part of her clothes. Lopunny nods as 'she' moved 'her' paws down and started slipping them off. It let her 'clit' flop out fully erect and tossed the piece to the side. "So… All satisfied now?" 'She' asked teasingly. "Almost, but I think we got a problem." he grinned nodding down to his cock. "Oh I get it. How do you want me to help you?" Lopunny asked in a sultry tone. "Well your lips sure do look soft."
The Rabbit understands his words and moved 'her' lips downward to take a soft lick at the cock. 'She' hummed from the salty taste while smelling his arousal up close. 'It's strong.' 'she' shudders as 'she' licks at the bottom of the cock first. "Mmm, that's it." he grinned. He then reach over to rub 'her' soft ass. "I wonder how many cocks you've taken it up in your little 'pussy'." 'She' couldn't respond as 'she' took half of his cock in 'her' mouth. "Oh yeah." he groaned putting a paw on 'her' head. The Lopunny found 'herself' in the Lucario's control as he bobs her head up and down. All the while swirling 'her' tongue across the red meat. 'She' hums in pleasure. 'So salty, delicious.'
She let out a gasp in pleasure as she felt her 'pussy' being rubbed. 'She' moaned while feeling the paw try to push its way inside. "Pretty tight. That's what I like to feel." he grins. He kept rubbing her hole while lightly thrusting his cock in deeper. 'She' grunted as she sucked and licked faster. But soon the Lucario growled and started pushing more of his cock deeper into 'her' throat. 'She' closes 'her' eyes as 'she' swallows down all his sperm, little leaking out of 'her' mouth. 'She' moaned though before slowly sliding 'her' mouth off. "I hope you enjoyed it." Lopunny said. "Oh big time, but I can keep going." he grinned with his dick still hard.
'She' let out a cute giggle as the rabbit looked at him. "What else would you like?" "To fuck your 'pussy'." He then held the Lopunny and lay 'her' on the bed on 'her' back. He moved over with his cock rock hard and rubbing against the hole. The rabbit blushed and looked at him shyly. "Um… please be gentle?" 'she' blushes. "I will, for the first thirty seconds." he growled before gripping 'her' hips and started to slowly push his dick inside.
Lopunny moans and hugged around the Jackal's chest. "A...Ah!" "You're tight. Just like I like it." he growled with a grin as he kept pushing in while his cock stretched 'her' hole open. 'She' shudder as she felt her 'clit' reacting in pleasure of the thrust. "Ah! M..More." He nods as he starts to move faster inside 'her' body. Feeling her 'pussy' tightens around his member. "Fuck! How many guys have you had fuck this tight 'pussy'?" "I-I had a few.." 'She' admitted, blushing all the while. "Is that a problem?" "You did? And you're still this tight?" "I don't go at any male I see. I only have preference for handsome and cute ones." 'She answered proudly.
"Just for that, I'm gonna do this." he grunted as he pushed in deeper before he started hammering his cock in and out faster. "Gahh…!" she moans in pleasure as her 'clit' and 'pussy' trembles in pleasure. "Yes! More! Fuck my 'pussy' more!" He growls in lust as he goes faster and harder in his favorite 'girl'. Moving to bite 'her' neck. His teeth didn't break skin, but he did bite down enough to where 'she' felt it as he started pushing his knot inside. "Ahh, you tied with me." the rabbit said excitedly, nuzzling his head. "You can cum right in my 'pussy' as much as you want." "If you insist." he grins as he howls out in pleasure as his cum starts to flow into the Lopunny's 'pussy'. "Take it all!"
She shudders and moan in pleasure as well, her 'clit' started releasing 'her' cum onto the Lucario's chest. "Ah...ah….so warm." He grins as he looks down on his chest. "You sprayed a lot of 'femcum' on me." he chuckles. "Aw, but you came first." 'she' teased. "Well your 'pussy' milked me out good." he noted. "Thanks." he smiled, moving to lick the rabbit's ear. Lopunny smiled as 'she' took note of the fighting type's toned, but lithe body. "Mmm, well we could go another round if you want." 'she' offered. 'Hmm, he could pass for a feminine male…' 'she' thought. "Maybe later, I think your fans might go nuts if you're not out there." he joked.
He slides his cock out of the 'girl's pussy.' "I'll come back for another round soon though." "Alright, but don't forget." 'she' winked. 'Also, I have a proposition for you." "What is it?" "Well, don't take this the wrong way, but did you know you have quite a feminine looking body?" 'she' teases. He blinked and looked himself over. "Maybe a little muscle, but do I really look that skinny?" "A little, but it's attractive none the less." The lopunny smiled. "Alright, but what does that have to do with the proposition?" "I noticed that you come here a lot and enjoy all the 'girl's' shows." the Lopunny made a girlish giggle. "Me especially."
"What can I say, I like seeing these long legs." he grinned trailing his paws up 'her' smooth legs. "Well, what if I say you can experience the joy of acting like a girl?" "I'd say, tell me more." "Well, we do have a position for another 'female' to be a dancer and we're to look out for any potentials." "Hmm, benefits?" "Well the pay is good, we only accept customers who won't cause trouble…" 'The Lopunny strokes 'her' soft thighs. "And we might have some more fun while on the job." "Well, maybe. Do I get to pick out my outfit?" "One condition. It covers the good parts." 'she' gives him a quick wink. "Until they are needed.""Fair enough. I'm in." The Lopunny moves the the Lucario and gave him a quick peek on the cheek. "Well, we better let the manager know." 'she' said as the rabbit starts to walk with the fighting type.
(Timeskip)
The same club was booming as usual with it still filled to the brim with males of all kind. Cheers and cries filled the air as many pokemon were watching dancers on the poles and such. But soon they saw a familiar normal type sauntered onto the stage with a smile. "Aww yeah, that's what we like." A Ursaring cries out. "Let's see that hot ass!" called out a Machoke. "You boys like? Well we have a special treat for you today." All males were curious what she meant by that. The rabbit giggles as 'she' looked back and made a small whistle.
All eyes stared as they saw a Lucario step out with a pair of stiletto heels and a pink bow in 'her' hair with a matching bikini bottom and top with the top just covering 'her' nipples. "This one here came and wanted to work with us." The rabbit move 'her' arms to wrap around the 'female' lucario, pressing their chest together. "'She' still has a lot to learn, but 'she's' a lot of fun to have around aren't you?" "Big time." 'she' purred while winking at the male. "Ready for double the fun?" The males around them cheer as the 'girls' started to perform together, winking and grinding on the pole. The pokemon went nuts while staring at each with lust and even a few slowly getting hard.
"Looks like we might have either a 3 or 4 way. Think you can handle it?" the Lopunny asked teasingly. "Big time." grinned the Lucario while shaking 'her' ass at a pair of Hitmonchans who drooled at the sight. The two fighting types then headed off to where the manager's room was. Lopunny and Lucario kept putting on a show before the Gengar stepped out and motioned for them that they had a private dance to get to. The two gave the audience a blow kiss as they wave them goodbye. The males were disappointed as the two walked over to the Gengar who handed them a room key. "Well then, shall we?" the Lopunny girl winked. "We shall."
The two wrapped arms as they headed to the designated room. The Lucario 'girl' unlocked the door and head sitting on the bed were the fighting types, both sporting bulges already. "Did you two wait long?" the Lucario asked, placing a hand in front of 'her' mouth. "Those look painful." "Yeah, it's quite troubling to take care of." One of the Hitmonchans said. "Care to give us a little hand?" "Oh you poor dears." the Lucario turns to the normal type. "Do you know anything we can do to help?" 'she' asked looking concerned for the males. "I might know a few." grinned the Lopunny as the door shut and soon moans and groans could be heard coming from the room.


M Braixen X F Skuntank

M Braixen X F Skuntank
A Braixen was wondering around feeling lonely and feeling like he doesn't fit in anywhere, then he meets a Skuntank who let's him stay for a night. Soon the two figure out that maybe they were brought together because of how they felt.

* * *

The sun was was setting on the hills as a Braixen was walking through the forest looking sad. He sighed in depression as he wandered in the woods. He wasn't getting hurt or bullied or anything like that, but he doesn't really fit in anywhere. He mainly travels from town to town to see if he can settle there, but it always feel uncomfortable and he leaves. He then started muttering to himself. "Is there no place for me anywhere?" he asked as he stopped and leaned on a tree. He also hugged it, wanting comfort and wished he could be hugged back. "I don't know... I don't know what to do anymore..." he murmurs out, tears starting to form.
Nearby, a female Skuntank was walking through the forest, noticing Braxien. She noticed him hugging the tree weeping and approached him, "Is something the matter?" "I'm not worth living..." Was all he simply said. She looked at him shocked and nudged him, "What you mean?" "I can't fit anywhere in the world..." He replied with the same simple depressed tone in his voice. The skunk saddened at the answer as she rubbed his side in comfort, "Sorry to hear that." "That's alright..." He simply said despondent.
Skuntank noticed the night sky was coming. "Here, you can stay with me for the night." "Really?" Braxien sighed, still feeling down. "Yeah, It seems you have no place to call home, and I would like some company." She said meaningful. "I guess..." Braxien said before following her. Moments later, they arrive at a large den as Braixen follows her inside. He was surprised to see how big it was. It was large enough for 2 pokemon and they are a couple of holes that act like windows, at the end was a large bed. "Wanna try my bed~?" Skuntank asked politely. "Um... sure." He said a little embarrassed.
He then went to the bed and tested out to comfiness of her double bed. "Fair warning, I might end up cuddling you in my sleep." She said embarrassed. "It's a habit of mine." "Uh..?" Braxien shrugged in question. "Sorry, it just when something's nearby, I want to hold it close." Braxien just rolled his eyes before getting in bed. "Well goodnight." He said. "Night~" Skuntank said back. Braixen relaxed and smiled a bit at her kindness. 'Thank you.' He thought before going to sleep.
(Next morning)
Braxien was still asleep, but Skuntank who awoke just stared at him. She also has him in her arms in a soft embrace. He looks young and she smiled at having company for a change. She then started to rub him all over. "So soft and warm." She whispered as she rubbed the fire types warm fur. She then hear him moan out softly. She giggled a bit and move her arms around him, hugging him gently. "Mmph..." Braxien muttered drowsily. Whatever he was feeling felt good and he snuggled towards it. He even sleepily placed his paws on Skuntank's head. She started to blush a bit as she rubbed his back.
She then look at his lips which were partially opened. She felt her face reddened as he must be having a nice dream. She kept staring at his mouth moist with saliva and warm mist. "Um.. maybe I should stop it now." She whispered. He started to move closer to her face, mouth opening. She blushes as she realized he intends to kiss her in his sleep. 'Maybe just a quick one.' So Skuntank decides to give him a quick peck. "Nice, but we're done." She whispered as she tries to move away, but he kept her there. "Hm... Skuntank~..." Braxien muttered in his sleep and pulled his body closer to hers. Skuntank eyes widen in surprised as he kept her close to his mouth, even entering his tongue in her mouth. Braxien grunted softly after feeling it.
He groaned as he begins to wake up. "H-Huh..?" He opens his eyes a little. "U-um..." She stutters trying to find the right words. Braxien stared in shock with a blush on his face. He separated and stares at her. "Wh-what happened?" Skuntank found it very hard to explain and looked left and right. 'What do I do, what do I say?' She thought. "Um... Good morning~..?" Skuntank said nervously. "Good morning... So why are we in this position?" He said trying to stay calm. "Uh... Because~... We need each other's comfort~!" "Comfort?" He asked confused. "Um... Yes~!" Skuntank said quickly before getting off the bed. Braixen was skeptical about that answer, but got out of bed and stretched.
He have out a big yawn as he was still feeling drowsy. "Well um... How did you sleep?" Braixen asked. "Just fine~!" Skuntank answered to him very quickly. "What about you, had any good dreams?" She asked hoping to relax. "..." Braxien couldn't answer, blushing. "S-sorry for prying." she apologized as she started to set up breakfast. "Right..." He said and went to clean up. She smiled as she looked over the small fox's form.
She then proceed to make breakfast. Though she did recall that he said her name as he slept. 'Was she dreaming...about me?' She then tried to shrug it off and go make breakfast. Braixen sits down, looking over the large den and then to her. Her tail and big behind looked so alluring... He took a deep breath and asked, "Why do you stay in a large den like this? Seems like you should have someone staying with you." "I... Don't have pretty much anyone I have in interest..." Skuntank replied. "R-really? Why not?" he asked. "I... Just can't feel any love from them..."
Braixen stared at her in shock at the news. "I'm... I'm sorry. I didn't know..." he slumped his shoulders. "It's okay..." Skuntank said. She smiled as she set their breakfast down and started eating. Braxien however, ate slowly... He couldn't forget about the dream he had last night. He was lying down on some grassy land. It looked so peaceful. He can hear birds singing a soft relaxing tune. And then a nice giggling... He blinks as he got up and looked around for the source. He then sees the face of Skuntank. "Oh.. Uh.. Wh-what's going on?" he asked surprised to see her smiling at him. She then surprised him with a kiss! "Mmm?!" he grunted as he felt her lips on his. He then gave in and kissed back. He licks her tongue as he moans and move his paws to rub her fur.
His thoughts were interrupted when he heard a familiar echoey voice. "Braixen...?" It called... He hears the voice and paused a bit to look around, founding it familiar. It was Skuntank. He opened his eyes and looked he's still at the table with the Skuntank sitting in front of him. She looked at him with a curious look. "Are you okay? You were eating rather slowly." she explained. "I-I'm fine... It was... Just this dream about you..." eyes widened a bit. "A-about me?" Braxien nodded, blushing a bit. "What happened?" She asked, being unable to resist her curiosity.
He takes a deep breath before beginning. "Y-Your giggling was rather... Cute and... We kissed..?" Braxien said shyly. "We... Kissed?" She asked blushing a bit since she knows what he doesn't, that he did kissed her when he was dreaming. "Yeah... Uh, is something the matter?" "Something happened in bed that... makes your dream a reality." She blushes embarrassed. "Wha..? What do you mean..?" "As I was checking up on you. You wrap your arms around me, held my head gently... And kissed me on the lips."
Braxien widened his eyes and blushed really hard. "If it's any consideration, you're a very passionate kisser." She said smiling. Braxien blushed even harder at this and covers his face in embarrassment. "I'm not angry at you if you're worried about that." "O-Oh..." Braxien muttered in relief. "To be honest, I haven't been successful in with finding males myself. Considering what I am." Skuntank sighs. "I-I see... I'm sorry to hear that..." Braxien pitied. "Not your fault, but I felt lonely, and then I saw you in bed. How charming you look and your soft fur." She smiled as she remembered that moment.
Braxien blushed and gets closer to her... "Well... I found you very pretty." He admitted. Skuntank blushed and they leaned together, puckering their lips together. They kissed affectionately, feeling their soft lips connecting each other. They mewled at the warm feeling in their hearts. They push further, letting their tongues wrap around each other and suckling on them. They both moan and melt as they kiss. Soon they had to pull back for air, a string of saliva connecting them for a bit. They panted for some time. "Wow... That was incredible." He painted out as he catches his breath. "Mmhm~..." Skuntank agreed, doing the same.
"Not counting the bed incident, It was... My first kiss honestly." He admitted. Skuntank giggled cutely for a big skunk. "Um... Tell me... Was this your..." Skuntank could not answer, feeling shy about it. "I'll go along and say yes." Braixen said feeling his face heat up. They both blushed after that make out session. "So... What you like to do now?" He asked her. "Um... This seems sudden, but can we mate~?" Skuntank asked. "Huh?" His face redeems even more. "Mate... with me?" Skuntank nodded embarrassedly. Braixen blushes as he tail swishes back and forth embarrassed.
They decided to get back to bed. "So... How you want to do this~?" He asked. "I guess just straight~..." She answered. Braixen Sat down and opened his legs, "I might not be that big, but I'll do my best." He said in hopeful tone. Skuntank then just stared at his crotch and gave it a good lick. He shuddered as the sheath started twitching from the attention. It then started to grow... Braixen shudders and moans as his red cock hardens and throbbs in her sight. Skuntank gasped as she sees his cock being long and hard. "Hmm, it's pretty big in my opinion." She said giggling.
She then licked it again. "Hahh~." He gasped as he felt her long warm tongue touching his shaft. It twitched a bit in arousal. "Skuntank... put your mouth over it." She blushed but complied and engulfed the entire thing in her mouth. He gasped and moans as he can feel her warm breath over it. He even felt her sloppy saliva dripping down. He then places his paws on her head and started thrusting slowly."Mmpf~!" Skuntank gasped, not expecting him to thrust in her mouth. "Sorry, too sudden?" He asked in concern. Skuntank shook her head and smiled.
Braixen started thrusting back and forth gently. He then stuck his tongue out and felt close a little. 'I gotta hold back. I can't cum so soon~!' He thought as he tries to calm his mind. His thoughts were suddenly calmed so quickly when he felt a cool breeze around his member. He breathes a sigh of relief as he opens his eyes, but then he felt a big weight on him! He looked to see that the Skuntank had climbed on the bed and on him. "Wh.. what's happening?" "I told you~... Straight~!" She said and then thrusted downwards! He gasped out as he felt her entrance take in the tip of his cock.
He then saw with one eye, blood flowed down her member. He looked at her face which expresses pain on them, "Wait... Skuntank... You was a..." He couldn't finished the question. "Mmhm..." Skuntank nodded, confirming she was a virgin. He held his mouth opened in shock, "Anything I can do you to ease it?" "K-Keep... G-Going~..!" Braixen nods and started to move his waist up and down slowly. He shuddered from the warmth and moisture of her labia. He hugs around her body and put his muzzle in her neck. He even licked her neck.
Her scent was impressively pleasant for him despite her species, 'Must be washing on a daily basis.' He thought. There was also a scent of tomatoes for some reason... 'That's odd, I never saw her went somewhere to bathe recently.' He thought. 'Could she have... Squeezed tomatoes when she gathered them?' He couldn't think about it more as her innards squeeze around his member tightly. He grunted as he felt her pink walls wrap around his dick tight. "Ah... You're so...Hahn.. tight~." He said moaning as he stroke her soft fur. "Aaah~! Th-Thanks~..." She replied, moaning out and tingling on the inside.
He couldn't help but look at her face. 'So beautiful.' He thought as he blushes. He then went back to moaning in pleasure. He felt himself close, but tried to stay calm until she climaxes. The skuntank started panting and moaning more as she speeds up her rising and lowering. "You close?" "Y-Yes~..!" She yelped out. "He nuzzles her head and said sweetly, "I don't mind. Let it out~." "O-O-Okay~!" She said and screamed out with lust and love as she came hard. He felt her juices spray onto his shaft and he couldn't take it anymore and cries out as he fills her with his seed.
They both stayed like this before they collapsed from the ordeal. Braixen panted in bliss, "Wonderful~..." Skuntank felt the same pleasurable feeling. "Yes~..." "So what's gonna happen now?" He looks at her and ask."Um, I dunno... Parenthood I guess?" She answered sheepishly. "Parenthood... You mean.. you want me to?" His eyes shine a hopeful glow. She nodded and kissed him again. "Will you be my mate~?" She asked in a happy tone. "Yes... Yes~! I will~!" Braxien replied as he hugged her.. "And... Thank you." Skuntank smiles, "You too. Thank you." She whispered tiredly as she slumps over him more. They then went to sleep together for until the afternoon...
(Timeskip)
Braxien had evolved into a handsome Delphox. He smiled as he looks outside the burrow into the bright sky. Then he hears high-pitched giggles and laughter. He turns to see a cluster of stunky and fennikens. He turned and looked at his mate and stroke her sides. "How you doing?" he asked smiling. "We're fine, dear~!" Skuntank answered. He climbed on her back and hugged her body, nuzzling her head. "Thank you... Again~." "And thank you too~..!" She replied. The feeling of her soft fur and sweet voice got his shaft twiching and poking her.
They then noticed the kids and decided to take this somewhere private. They reached the bedroom and closed the door. "Sorry about that. You're just so huggable it gets to me." he blushes. She giggled at his sweetness. "I could say the same thing about you." she said looking at his red and cream colored fur. They kissed and licked at each other's tongues. Delphox murrs as he motions them to the bed. Skuntank sighs as she feels turned on. He smiles as he asked. "How you want it my dear?" "Missionary~"
Skuntank smiles as motions him to lay down. "I'm quite big you know~." he said gesturing his body. She nodded as she gets ready to be filled. He smiles as he lays on the of the large skunk. "Where would you like it?" "In my cunt, please~" She said giddily. He lines it up and proceeds to push the tip until it slides into the entrance, the Delphhox moaning in the process. Skuntank moaned as well, feeling the same sensation from years ago. "You feel so nice around me." he moaned feeling like when he was a Braixen. "And you inside me~!" She moaned, feeling the same too.
He thrust in quick as holding on to Skuntank's body, "Gee, you're squeezing me. You're that excited?" She nodded, mewling in pleasure. He moves to her and gives her a deep kiss as he starts to thrust harder into her. Skuntank then thrusted back at him. He starts to feel close to release and thought, 'I ought to pull out or we'll have more kids.' he starts to slow down and pull back. Skuntank feels this and understands. He smiles and strokes her head. "Thanks for realizing it." 'though I do want to spill inside her...' he moves towards to butt and poke it a bit for her response.
She yelped, not expecting to have it in the back door. "Should I stop?" he said making sure if she's okay with it or not. Skuntank just shook her head, knowing there's no harm to anal sex. "It's okay. I can take it... just be gentle with me okay?" she asked sounding shy. Delphox nodded and slowly thrusted inside of her. She grunted as felt a bit pain as it past her splinter, but she let out a soft moan in response. Letting her anus let loose and open its folds by his penis. He lean down and licks her neck. "There you go. Relax and enjoy it." he said encouragingly as he moves back and forth.
She moaned sweetly and sighed in ecstasy by the feeling of her ass being stretched apart. "Doing well? Need anything?" he asked. "Harder please~?" Hearing that, Delphox held her sides and thrusted faster and harder. It felt rough but she was able to take it. He feels his limit coming as he plants a kiss on her. She felt her own vagina burning with her own climax. "Cum for me my lovely skunk~." he whispers huskily. Skuntank moaned out loud as she did, her juice spilling out like a broken faucet. "Now you my handsome fox~." she murrs. He nodded and came hard in her butthole.
He slides out and some of it leaked out of her hole. "How was it sweetie?" "Better than before~..." The two embrace for a bit before knocks can be heard from the door. They panicked as they knew it was their kits so they covered themselves with the blanket! "In a minute." He cries out. They then had the blanket cover them. "Come in." Skuntank called out next. They then did so with their cute smiles. "Can we help you with anything?" Delphox asked looking at their children. "We just want to know what you were doing." "Oh we were just enjoying each other's company." He said telling some of the truth.
The kits didn't quite get it. but understood in a way so they went back out to resume playing. "Phew." He sighed in relief. The two lovebirds then smile at each other and kissed. "Come on. Let's check up on them before they get into trouble." Delphox suggested, getting up, and pulling out of her rear. She got up and snuck one quick kiss before exiting the room.


M Dewott X M Marshtomp

M Dewott X M Marshtomp
A Dewott visits a trainer friends gym intending to find a male for him. He gets that in a form of a Marshtomp.

* * *

Ash was back in the Kanto region, heading to see one of his old friends. He was walking to the Pewter city gym and pushed the doors open. "Hey Brock, you here?" he called out looking around. "Hi Ash." greeted the breeder walking out with a smile. "What brings you back here?" "Just coming by to see, how things been so far?" "Well I'm coming across trainers still wanting to be pokemon masters, but not many get far. Some I beat and they quit because of losing to me." "Eheh… I can kinda understand why." Ash said as he still remembers their first encounter.
Brock sense this and tries to change the subject. "So, what have you been up to?" "Doing well in the Kalos region, so I decided to take a break and visit Kanto." he smiled as he took out his five pokeballs. "Take a look at my team. Everyone, come on out!" he cried as he throws each of them in the air. The five pokemon came out and looked around at the gym. They made various noise as they smile. "You mind if they explore a bit?" Ash asked. "Not at all." smiled Brock. "Alright guys, go and relax, but no trouble okay?" he stated. All of them gave cries of agreement before spreading out.
The camera zoomed over to the Dewott who was walking around outside, taking a look at the earthy location. Unaware of another water type nearby the back. 'Hahh, this place is rather nice…' he thought as he look around the area. "I wonder if there are any strong males nearby?" he said sporting a slight blush. For a while he had quit going after females and were wanting to try and get with a male. "Hopefully I'll have a better chance with a male instead of a female." he said as he started walking.
That's when he got to the back and saw a Marshtomp relaxing near some water. "Huh? Who's this one?" he asked as he started to approach him. "Hello there." "Oh, hi." greeted the Marshtomp. "I'm Dewott. What's you're name?" Dewott asked offering his hand. "Marshtomp." he smiled shaking the hand. The pure water type smiles as he looks at him. "Hmm, he's rather cute." he murmured as he shakes back. "Heh, thanks." chuckled Marshtomp. "Huh?" Dewott asked looking confused. "I heard you mutter that. Probably do that when not looking at the guy you think's 'rather cute'." he chuckled.
The Dewott's face turns a bit red. "I whispered that, I didn't think you hear that part." "It's fine." "Well… Thank you." he lets go of his hand. "Well take care now." he said starting to walk away, hoping to avoid embarrassing himself more. But the idea of facing the strong male in a battle would give him a chance to see the male get all hot and sweaty. He stops and spoke. "Um… Marshtomp?" "Yeah?" "You wouldn't mind a quick battle would you?" he asked looking at him. "Well, I don't think it would hurt." "I thought I'd see how I do against one of my friend's pokemon." he explained. "Alright, then let's battle."
Dewott looked at him and started things off with a Aqua Jet. Marshtomp jumped to the side before letting out a Water Gun. Dewott was able to dodge it and went at him with Razor Shell. This time it connected with his cheek. Marshtomp flinched a bit, but grabbed Dewott and delivered a solid Headbutt. This sent the water type flying back. He staggered a bit, slightly dazed to do anything right now but recover. Marshtomp took the chance to send Mud Shot at him. That sent Dewott back as he landed on his back as he rolled onto his feet again. He looked at the ground/water type. "You're really strong." "You're not too shabby yourself." he said getting ready. "But you're gonna have to try harder."
Dewott nods and charged towards Marshtomp. This time though Marshtomp braced himself and stopped Dewott in place. Dewott smirked, "Gotcha." he said as he launched a direct Water Pulse at him. Marshtomp went wide eyed and went flying back. He looked at the soaked Marshtomp, "How's that for tough?" he said confidently. "Heh, not bad." Dewott smiled, and launched a Aqua Jet for a fast attack. But Marshtomp started sending a barrage of Mud shots at him. He tried to endure enough to hit him, but the last few attacks got him unbalanced and sent him in a different direction. Marshtomp took the chance to hit him with a Water Gun.
He fell on his back as he felt his body sore, 'Wow, he's really strong.' he struggle to look at the Marshtomp. "You win. I yield" The Marshtomp smiles as he started to walk to the down Dewott, panting as he was covered in sweat. "That was quite a battle though." "Yeah." nodded Dewott while staring at the sweat. 'Wow, he looks really handsome when sweat runs down him.' he thought as a slight blush form on his face as his body starts getting hot. 'Wonder if I can touch those muscles?' "Uh… think you can help me up?" he asked bashfully, reaching a paw up. "Sure." he reached down and pulled him up.
He was lifted up and started reaching forward to rub the Marshtomp's arm, shuddering as he felt strength in them, "Wow.." he whispered as he becomes hotter, panting a bit. "You alright?" "Um… I feel a bit hot." he admitted looking over the duel types body. 'Wait, is my cycle starting today? Right now?' he thought looking flushed. 'Aw man.' He stares at the tone body he has, 'He's so strong… and handsome too... Ohh I can't help it. I want him!' he thought. "You know, I really enjoyed our bout, and you are the winner." he said in a husky tone. "Oh, well thanks." "You really ought to get some reward for your victory, though I don't know what to do." he smiled a bit. "No need, I'm fine." "Well… We could have a little fun." Dewott said as he lays down again. 'Come on, take it!'
The Marshtomp blushed as the sight of the otter lying on his back, his tail flat on the ground as he unintentionally got a glimpse of the Dewott's little tailhole. He gulped while feeling his own cock start coming out. 'It is cute I'll admit. Though is it right to just do it? We just met after all.' the Marshtomp thought as his mind goes back and forth. 'Hmm, no one's around, so who's gonna know?' "Come on. Don't keep me waiting." Dewott said giggling as he shakes his tail back and forth. Marshtomp gulped before walking over with his girth fully exposed. "I suppose I could use a release." he said smiling as he moves and sits on top of Dewott's stomach. "Ever sucked a cock before?"
He shook his head no as the smell wafted to his nose. 'So musky.' he thought as his body shudders. He leaned in and took a lick of the tip. He shudder from the taste, "Bitter, but good." "Well try to take it in your mouth." He nods his head as he opened his mouth as wide as he can. He felt the cock slowly slide in and shivered at the musky scent which was even stronger. "Mmmm." he moans as he licks the cock softly in his mouth. 'So tasty.' Marshtomp groans in pleasure as the Dewott's warm mouth enveloped his cock. "Nice and warm."
Dewott blushes and moans as he licks and sucks the cock in his mouth in slow eagerness. "It taste so good." Marshtomp groaned while he started to move his hips a little. He felt the tip touch the entrance of his throat, he moans and shudders as he takes as much of his cock as he could. 'Give me more.' "Hold my head." he looks at the Marshtomp's eyes. "Pump your cock in my mouth." Marshtomp nodded and grabbed his head before thrusting his hips back and forth. "Mmmph!" he grunted as he felt the tip go deeper, he sucks him off whenever it entered deep enough. 'I love this!'
His cock was twitching and throbbing from arousal, 'I'm hard just from sucking cock. Wow.' "Dewott, I'm gonna cum!" "Do it. Cum in my mouth." he said as he sucks him harder and faster. Marshtomp groaned and held his head as his sperm went spewing in. Dewott moans as a lot of sperm spilled in his mouth, he shudders as he savor the taste. He relaxed and started swallowing the seed. He continued licking the cock as it continued to spill its contents. Some dribbled out and he pulled off the cock to lick it up.
Dewott's mouth was still dripping cum as he panted a bit. "You alright?" asked Marshtomp. "Oh, I'm fine. Just amazed at how it tasted that's all." he smiled as he licked the remaining off his mouth. "Now I think you should put that somewhere else." "What else would you like?" Marshtomp asked winking as he looked around the otter's body. "If you don't be clear, I don't know what to do." Dewott blushes as he move his paw to where his tailhole is and started rubbing it. "Put it in here." he said. "Mmm." Marshtomp reached down and rubbed a finger against the hole. "Looks nice and tight."
Dewott blushes as he nods his head. "Well this will be my first." he tells him blushing. "Then I'll make sure to take it easy." The Marshtomp smiled as he lays down on top of the Dewott, nuzzling the neck. He moved his dick up to the opening and lightly prodded against it. Dewott blushes and shudders as he wrap his arms around the Marshtomp, bracing himself. "Go ahead." Marshtomp nods and started to push his tip against his ass, attempting to enter him. He groaned as the tip slowly got in and kept pushing his girth inside.
He made a slight grunt as pain shot through him, then he felt Marshtomp's finger press against his lip. "Sshhh, need to be quiet now." he whispered. He nodded and tried to relax. His body shudder as he muffled a moan as the pain soon subsided and changed into pleasure. His cock rubbed against Marshtomp's belly from how close he was over him. His mind went to his shell and he got a dirty idea of what he could do with it. He grabbed the shell just as Marshtomp pulled back and pushed back inside him.
He let out a soft moan as he formed the shell in a longer form, but then bend it into a roundish form. "H-Hold on." Marshtomp stopped as he looked at him. "It not hurting is it?" he asked concerned. "No, but I wanna try something." "What would that be?" he asked curious. That's when he felt something slip around his cock. "Huh?" he got out as he saw some kind of ring around his cock. "What's this?" he asked the Dewott. "Just a little something to make this feel even better." Marshtomp looks at the cock ring, which felt rather tight around his cock. "You sure?" "Don't worry. It'll feel good for you… and me." he said teasingly. "Now move again."
Marshtomp gave it a shot and push in again, feeling the ring slip inside. He groaned from the tight confines and got a loud moan from Dewott. "H-hey. Quiet n-now." he warned stuttering a bit, looking around making sure no one heard. "S-Sorry." spoke Dewott feeling his ass stretch out from the cock and ring. Marshtomp smiled, but felt the tight ass squeeze around the ring and cock as well, getting him a moan out too. "Damn, never knew I'd be fucking a ass this tight." "H-how you think I feel getting fucked by a nice cock like yours." moaned Dewott with a smile.
Marshtomp smiled, but sighs, "You can't keep yourself from moaning can you?" he asked teasingly. "Not really." the otter said blushing as he let out another soft moan. He saw the Marshtomp smile as he said. "I guess there's only one thing that can stop it." "What's that?" The Dewott asked confused for a change. He felt the Marshtomp hold his head straight to him with one of his paws. "This." Dewott's eyes widened feeling the other water type's lips against his own. "Ummph~!" he shuddered as he felt the duel types tongue slipped into its open mouth. He moaned while Marshtomp moved faster inside him.
Dewott moaned in Marshtomps mouth as he kisses him back, grinding his own cock between them. 'This is amazing!' Marshtomp separated a moment to look at the flushed otter. "It's kinda hard to recognize you as the strong Dewott from before, since you're moaning and panting under me submissively right now." he teased rubbing the otter's cheek. "You must be feeling every inch." "Y-yes, I feel it inside." he blushes as he looks away embarrassed. "It's just so warm and big." "I'll admit. I quite enjoy dominating a cute and submissive little pokemon under me." he smirks looking at him. "So I'll make sure you taste it all until you're a mess."
He blushes at the idea. "All you have to do is ask me." Marshtomp said grinning. "P-Please give me it all." he blushes as he continues. "I want you to ravish me, to take me every time we see each other. Please let's be together with me as a submissive little otter!" he asked moisture flowing in his eyes. "Woah, calm down." Marshtomp brushed the tears away. "Huh? Oh, sorry. Kinda got carried away didn't I?" he asked. "A little." chuckled Marshtomp. "But we can be in a relationship right?" he asked. "I don't see why not."
Dewott smiled as he felt his cock starting to twitch. "I'm about to come." "Me too!" grunted the Marshtomp. They started to go faster before the two share a kiss as they moan together. Dewott moaning as his cock spewed his seed out, and onto each other. Marshtomp moaned as his cock needed to climax too, but it was rather difficult since the ring. "Dewott, I need this off." Dewott took a quick breath, "Alright, but hold on until you're inside me again. I want you to cream my insides." Marshtomp nodded while feeling the pressure build up. He slides out of him and sat up. "Hurry."
Dewott reached over and pulled the ring off the cock. But before he could set it down, Marshtomp pushed Dewott on his back again in rush, making him drop the shell ring. Marshtomp didn't wait before slamming his dick back in and started thrusting his hips with vigor. Dewott gasped at the sudden penetration, but shudder and hugged him in affection. Then let out a moan feeling the wave of sperm shoot inside him. He shudders as he felt his insides being coated with thick, moist cream. "Give me all you have." Marshtomp grunted and hugged Dewott close so he could get every drop.
He murrs and soon he felt the amount lessens and stop. "Wow, so much." Marshtomp slide back out and got up, panting a bit. "Wow, biggest load I ever blew." "Never came that much?" he asked winking. "Not even close." 'How much did he pumped out?' Dewott asked as he looked over himself. He felt the hot sperm leaking out around his tail. He blushed as he saw his belly was a little plump as well from the amount still inside. "Wow, that's quite a lot." he giggled. Marshtomp panted and laid back on the ground. "I guess I milked you pretty dry with my ring and butt huh?" Dewott giggled.
Marshtomp nodded in reply. "Well how was it for you?" Dewott asked snuggling close. "Like I could go on and on." he grinned hugging the pokemon close. "I doubt that. You look tired." he teases. "I meant in the future silly." "Ohh." Dewott said sweetly. "So how you like having your cherry taken?" Marshtomp asked. "Just complete." he sighed with a smile. Dewott looks around. "I like snuggling, but don't you think we're a bit exposed?" "Hmm, good point." He lifted the Dewott and carried him into a small nearby cave. "This should give us plenty of privacy." "So we'll be napping in each other's embrace?" Dewott guessed. "Yup." Dewott smiled as he hugged him close, "I'll like that, you're rather cuddly." The two giggle before closing their eyes for a nap, keeping close.
(Timeskip)
It's been a few months since that fateful encounter. Ash is off on another journey on his quest to become the pokemon master, and brings a new team. Dewott had to stay behind of course, he had time to think about how to meet his new boyfriend. As he thought this, he heard professor oak talking to the phone, mentioning that he's on his way to the pewter city gym to talk to Brock about something. That made him grin since he could use this chance. Just as Professor Oak hangs up the phone, he turn to see Dewott next to him. "Oh hi Dewott. I'm just preparing to head to Pewter city gym for an errand." he explained. "Dewott Dewott." "Hmm, I suppose you want to tag along?" he asked, looking at the water type. Dewott nodded his head. "Sure. Let's go." he said as they headed to the door. Both walked down the road and reached the city in an hour and a half.
They walked in and Oak started looking around as Dewott started heading to the familiar area he went in. "Okay, but don't cause trouble." Oak called out as he noticed he was leaving. Dewott nodded and rushed to the back. He was outside as he started looking around as he walks. Then spotted his boyfriend near the lake. He smiled as he started to sneak up on him, intending to surprise him. He jumped and landed right on his back. The Collision cause them both to fall into the lake with a splash. "Gotcha!"
Marshtomp relaxed and turned around in the water, embracing the Dewott in a hug. "Yeah ya did." "Good to see you again cutie." he said giving Dewott a kiss on the cheek. "Miss me?" "A lot." Dewott said nuzzling him. "In more ways than one." "Well since we're like this, wanna get right to the fun?" "Right now, underwater?" Dewott asked giggling. "Well it would give us privacy." "But it's quite kinky." the otter said smiling. "Though I do like things kinky. So let's go for it." Marshtomp pressed his lips against Dewott's as the camera zoomed away from them.


Hana(H Chikorita)X Aqua(H Oshawott) Pt 1

Hana(H Chikorita)X Aqua(H Oshawott) Part 1
As their parents head off for some errands, the kids head off to have some 'special' time with their respective sister.

* * *

Laughter of children filled the Room as six kids ran around the area. There were an Oshawott, Chikorita, Pikachu and Snivy Sliggoo and Amaura. As they were playing tag, four pokemon came down the stairs. They were a Samurott, Meganium, Raichu and Serperior. "Hello mom, how are you doing?" Aqua the Oshawott asked cheerfully. "I'm Good Aqua." She turns to the Meganium, "What about you Petal?" "I'm fine if Hana is fine, aren't you sweetie~?" Said chikorita nods her head with a sweet smile. "I am, mommy~!" Hana then kissed her mother's cheek.
The Raichu ggling as a Pikachu appeared behind her back, over her head. "Having fun Lithia?" "You bet, mom~!" Lithia said, nuzzling her mother's chest. Dynamic giggled at feeling little sparks from the small mouse. "How about you, Clover~?" Eco asked, wrapping herself around her. "I'm fine mother." The snivy said looking cool, but giving Eco a small smile at her direction. Eco then teases Clover by tickling her with her vines. Clover squirmed a bit as she tries to resist, M-mother, stop." She giggled as her vines were tickling her. Clover quickly quiet down so no one can hear. Eco giggle as she stopped tickling her.
"Well, what have all you girls been doing~?" Blade asked happily. "Playing tag." Aqua said, then she noticed their parents were clothed. "Are you going somewhere?" "Yeah, I mean you all are usually naked like and with us...?" Hana pointed out. "Well all of us have errands we need to pick up." Petal answered. "What kind of errands?" Lithia asked. "That's a secret~." Dynamic answers giving them a wink. "Gee, I could never tell from how many chapters..." Clover whispered to herself. "What was that?" Eco asked. "N-Nothing, mother! I'm just... Wondering what your lives were like back then." Clover protested. "Any who, can we come with you?"Lithia asked excitedly. "Nope, sorry dears." Dyna said with a serious look on her face. "Aww..." They all said sadly, lowering their heads.
The Samurott walked to them. "But don't worry, I'm sure you'll know how to have fun with yourselves~!" Blade assured them, tickling Aqua's chin. "You know what I mean, right Aqua~?" She winked at her. "Mmhmm." The shiny Oshawott said nodding her head. "Alright, we're off then! Bye, our little cuties~!" Petal said to the girls. "Be good." Blade said as well. Aqua winked as she waved at her mother and aunts. Petal looks at the door. "I hope they'll be okay." "Relax, Petal~... Nume and Ice are with them too~!" Dyna said confidently. "Plus Cyna and Pluie are there as well." "Alright." Petal nods as they started walking.
Back in the house with the nude girls. The four decided to split up and do other things. Aqua was in her and her mother's room, thinking about her kiss with her mom. 'It was so sweet and I felt warm from it.' Aqua put her paws at her mouth as she shivered. She spent the moment recalling the moment when their tongues wrapped, the making out. Aqua soon realized she drooled a bit.
She shakes her head and wiped her mouth. 'Maybe if I go see Hana... Oh wait, she might be having a hot bath with Nume and Ice's girls, making like an onsen. Maybe Lithia and Clover who are dry and simply choosing a skimpy bathing suit can talk?' Aqua look in to see what Hana is doing just to make sure, and she found the Chikorita laying on her back looking at the roof. Hana had her front legs behind her head and her hind legs spread wide. She was humming to herself, staring at the roof until she heard footsteps nearby.
She turn and Aqua came into her sight. "Oh hey, Aqie~ Wassup~?" Hana chimed as she stretched her body. Jun 7"I'm fine, what are you up to?" Aqua asked, sitting next to her. "I'm just wondering how our moms met. It's been on my mind and I intended to ask them, but I couldn't bring up the courage too." Hana sighed. Aqua then realized something. "So... You're like me, Hana?" "I mean yeah, I wanna know what happened." "Well... I don't know much about how our mothers met each other but... I think it may have something to do with my daddy. What you think?"
Hana thought about any possibility, but then she remembered a certain word Aqua said, "Wait you're dad?" she asked confused. Aqua nodded as her right white paw was on her chin. "Mmhm, your mom was kinda suspicious when she asked mine about him." "I see, maybe we can ask them when they come back." Hana suggested. Aqua nodded happily. "Mmhm~!" "So what you want to do? I can get Clover and Lithia here, they're trying their swimsuits." "Nah, I'm here to play with you~." she said, sounding a little seductive. "Play with me?" Hana asked. "Yeah, though I heard of a new kind of game to be playing~." she said scooting over, fluttering her eyes.
The grass type was getting confused at the water type's actions right now. "Uh... Can we take a bath first?" Hana asked, backing off from her. "Okay~." she said as Aqua lifted Hana up and lead them to the bathroom. "H-Hey! Why are you carrying me!?" Hana blushed, asking. "Kinda felt like it, also you look pretty cute~." she said winking.
"Um... Thanks." Hana kept blushing, embarrassed. They soon head into the bathroom and have the tub filled with lukewarm water. While Aqua was waiting and checking for the water, Hana was looking at herself in the bathroom mirror. "So we're bathing together?" she asked looking herself over. "Yup~!" Aqua answered cheerfully. "Ah, yeah of course but... Could you come here at look with me in the mirror?" Hana askec as she kept looking at herself.
Aqua smiles as she comes and does what she asked. "Normally, we take a bath when and if we're naked, right?" Hana asked. "Yes that's correct... What's the matter?" Aqua asked. "Well, all of us... We're... We're all nude in the house! Even our moms!" Hana pointed out. "Yeah so? I mean lots of pokemon prefer to be nude." Aqua said. "No, I mean our moms are going out wearing clothes! They're usually always naked with us in the house!" Hana pointed out again. "I guess they have someplace important to go too, I don't know." she said.
Hana just blushed, but sighed. "Maybe I'm just feeling embarrassed. How about we get in the water?" Aqua nods and said, "After you~." Hana nodded and went in, slumping down. She let out a sigh at the comfortable temperature of the water. "Haah~! I never thought hot water would feel so good on a grass-type~!" Hana sighed in relaxation. She felt ripples to see Aqua climbing in after her, laying down in the water. "Aah~! I can feel the hot waters swishing on every sensitive part on my body~!" Aqua moaned a little. "It is tingly on my skin a bit."
Hana blushed when she heard Aqua saying all of this. She looks up at the bathroom ceiling as she starts to relax and rub her body to clean up. "Aaah~! Between my legs and on my chest melt in bliss and they feel alive like they're growing bigger and longer~!" Aqua squealed out as she spreads her legs wide and her chest's pink buds erect. Hana blushed as she heard her sister talk about it. "You okay?"
Aqua turned around and her drenched hair covering half of her face made her look seductive and cute. "Wanna physical explanation~?" "Uh... what you mean?" she asked blushing from the look. Aqua swam towards Hana who felt more uncomfortable as she backs away from her. Soon, Hana got to the back of the tub. "Hey stop it, stop approaching me looking like that." "Ehehehe~..." Aqua then got near Hana and she stared seductively at her. "Hey, Hana~..." Hana was a little nervous and asked. "Y-yes?"
Aqua then hugged Hana, surprising the Shiny Chikorita. She then whispered in her ear, which Chikoritas obviously have on the side of their smooth head. "You're feeling hot and you're blushing out of excitement~... You want your body getting tickled~. You want yourself to give in to physical happiness~!" The Shiny Oshawott then faced her near. "You want to kiss and love me~!" "N-no, that's not it." she said stuttering feeling herself getting hot and embarrassed. "Teeheehee~! You're so cute~!" Aqua giggled and closed her eyes as she swiftly kisses Hana's lips. They only touch for a moment before Hana pushed Aqua away from her face.
Aqua grunted, but kept her cool. "Agh~! What's wrong, Hana~? Was I too quick~?" She giggled. "No, we shouldn't be doing this~!" Hana argued. "Hmm? Why's that~?" Aqua asked nicely with her paws near her smiling jaw. "We're sisters for one." "And sisters love one another, sister~" Aqua chuckled as she splashed a bit of water on Hana. "Not like this." she said shaking the water off. "What if our parents catches us in the act?" "But I kissed mommy in the lips when I asked about daddy~!" Aqua said, smiling naughtily.
The chikorita's face reddens. "Ahh~." she got out from hearing the news. "Um well... what if the others catch us here in the act?" she asked, slowly running out of ideas. "From what I heard from mom, your mom kissed with her~!" Aqua pointed out. "What... what you mean?" "Mommy told me, she and your mom kissed and loved together when they first met and they were our age~" Aqua explained with a dirty smile. "Y-your right, but that was different. They didn't know each other." "B-But..." Aqua frowned and then whimpered. "I-I love you..." "A-Aqua..." she blushes and loosens a bit from the look on her sister's face."Couldn't you at least try to kiss me~?" Aqua practically begged with sparkling eyes.
Hana's arms tremble as she stares at them. "Ngh..." she blushes looking shyly at her, hesitantly letting Aqua go. "Please~...?" Aqua sniffled. Hana takes a deep breath as she stares into Aqua's eyes, waiting for her. "Mmm~... Your face is so~... Beautiful~" Aqua chimed softly. "Um... thank you... So is yours." Hana said looking uncomfortable. "I love you, Hana~..." Aqua nuzzled her. Hana looks at the little otter nuzzling her neck, 'It feels odd, but... it's making me feel warm and...' Hana then felt her heart beating as she then thought. 'I also feel oddly... happy?' "Mmm~... So soft~... Such smooth skin~... It's like flower petals~!" Aqua mewled cutely as she kept nuzzling.
Hana blushes as she started to smile as Aqua moves away to look at her. "I'm... very flattered Aqua~." "Compliment me, Hana~... Say nice things about and to me~!" "Um... well..." she looked at the oshawott. "You have such beautiful eyes~." she said. Aqua giggled and licked Hana's cheek so velvety. She giggled, "And your tongue is so soft." "Heehee~..." Aqua giggled and blushed. "Kiss me please~?" 'Um.. uhh... think you can actually kiss me instead~?" she asked too embarrassed to do so. "Only if you acknowledge your love for me, Hana-chan~" Hana blushes as her face heats up, her lips trembling in a effort to find the right words. "I. Love. You~" Aqua repeated to Hana lovingly.
Aqua smiles, but said. "Be clearer." she strokes Hana's cheek. She took in a breath. "I love you very much... Aqua-chan~." she said again, eyes shining. "Hana~!" Aqua chimed and kissed her happily. Hana smiles as she hugs Aqua and kisses her back. Their kiss felt amazing, they pressed each other's faces firmly. "Ah~!" she muffled a gasp as Aqua slipped her tongue passed her lips. She licked Hana's tongue in a ticklish manner. "Ah.. Aqua~." she muffled as she felt a little ticklish feeling. Aqua flickered her tongue around in Hana's wet cavern.
Feeling a little daring, Hana started to push against Aqua's tongue. The two licked their tongues together as if it rough and nice. Hana giggles as she started to massage the oshawott's back. "Mmm~... Go lower~..." Aqua asked. She does so, reaching to her waist. "Lower~..." Aqua moaned in Hana's mouth. She started to blush a bit as her hands started to touch Aqua's behind. Aqua gasped as she felt her buttocks getting touched. "Is...Is this the spot~?" Hana asked blushing. "Ah~! Uh-huh~..." Aqua nodded.
Hana blushes as they continue tongue dancing as her hands held the otter's rump. Aqua then felt something weird between her legs. 'Something's weird. 'Maybe if I ask Hana~...' Aqua thought as the burning feeling got stronger. "Oh~... H-H-Hana~...?" "Hmm?" she muffled looking at her. Aqua let go of their kiss and shivered as she almost felt something about to burst. "I-I-I feel weird~... Like something needs to let out from between my legs~...!" "Really? Let me see." she offered in concern. Aqua meeped as she felt close but nodded for Hana to dunk her head underwater to see. She took a breath as she dived her head and opened her eyes.
She saw something pink between Aqua's legs and it was swollen and open. She rose back upward, needing her breath. "There is something between your legs." she coughed in. "Hah... Haah...! It's coming out~!" Aqua yelled out and her private part sprayed out between her legs as she moaned out loud. The area around it started to turn cloudy white as Hana watched. The steam around them was growing thicker. "It's getting a little hot, don't you think?" Hana asked panting a bit. "You're right~... Lemme let some of the water out and replace it with cold~" Aqua murred and pulled the plug out, allowing the water to drain.
As the water drained, the appendage between Aqua's legs started to appear more detailed. As Hana stared at it, she then noticed something between her own legs! "Uh... did you have a weird feeling when we were kissing?" Aqua nodded and looked at Hana's in-between area. "It's the same... for me." "Hana... We're both female and male~" Aqua said. Hana touches her new cock and shudder at the sensitivity of it. "Oooh~... It feels strange~...!" Hana shivered. Aqua had started adding cold water as she turned to Hana, "Actually, don't you think we should be getting out?" the Chikorita asked.
Aqua shook her head and pushes her crotch against Hana's. "H-hey, what's this?" Hans asked shocked at the situation. Aqua only answered by grinding her pussy up and down against Hana's, causing them to moan in pleasure. "Ngh~! Aqua... Stop it. It's too embarrassing~." She said, but she let out a moan afterwards. "But doesn't this feel lovely~?" Aqua asked, grinding up and down more teasingly. "It's like our pussies are kissing~!" She giggled. Hana blushes as she does feel warm inside. "Yes~." "Then let us enjoy this moment~! Let us sit back, relax and close out eyes as we make passionate love between our hips~! Aaahhh~...!" Aqua said her speech and took a deep breath in ecstasy.
Hana opened her mouth to speak, but a cute, long moan escapes her mouth instead. "Haah~... Yes, that's it~! Give into the pleasure of our sexy romance~! We're meant to drown in our ocean of love~!" Aqua squealed as she rubbed left and right with her pussy. "Hahh~... ahh~.." she panted as her face flushes as the warm feeling flows through her, heating up her body. 'Oh geez~! My body is on fire~!' Hana thought as she tried to slump down in the cold water. She looked at Aqua's pussy and started to grind back at it, blushing red. 'Aaah~! Yes~! I feel as if Aqua and I are one like a flower needing rain~!' Hana thought poetically.
She grinds in sync with Aqua, moaning with her tongue out her mouth. "Hana~... Your moaning sounds like you're singing to me~! I wanna try too~!" Aqua mewled out and tried to moan just like her. They moan in harmony as they move their bodies to grind each other softly. Aqua then thought about what they're doing and said. "I never imagined it feel so good~..." She then lowered her eyelids a little. "I wonder what would happen if our penises were to slide in~? Haaah~!" "Nghh~. I could do this forever~." Hana thought as she starts to move faster.
The Oshawott looks at her sis. "W-Wait, Hana~...! I-I feel something in my pussy~... It's like it wants to spill something out~...!" Aqua shuddered at the strong tingly feeling between her hips. "Huh~?" she asked, the shudder, "Same here with me~." "Ahhn~! It feels like I need to go~!" Aqua yelled in close to cumming. "M-Maybe we should get out~!" Hana said after her. "No~! I wanna feel what happens next~!" Aqua screamed and grinded faster and harder. "Ngh... hahh~~" that got Hana to moan louder. "Ah~! Haah~! Ah-hah~...! AAAAHHHH~~!" They both screamed in ecstasy as they came, their clear thick fluids spurted out from their slits into the water as they moaned from the lasting feeling. "Aaahhh~...!"
The two of them relaxed and sinked into the water, Hana leaving her head above water to breathe. "Haaah~...! That was amazing~! It was unlike anything I ever imagined~!" Hana panted, letting the cold temperature waters cool her body down. She couldn't help but move her hands to her small breast and started rubbing them a bit. She then pinches her nipples and pulls them for a bit. She gasped at the actions as she rotates rubbing and pinching. Aqua was panting underwater making bubbles like a fish. "How you doing?" Hana asked. Aqua then come out of the water, her drenched hair on half of her face, looking cute. "I'm fine~..." Hana smiles as she felt finished as she turned around to let the water out.


Hana(H Chikorita)X Aqua(H Oshawott) Pt 2

Part 2. Contains unbirth.

* * *

They exhaustedly got out to dry themselves and went to bed to find Lithia and Clover lying in bed, panting. "You two okay? You both seem a bit tired." Aqua asked, noting their appearances. "Yeah~... Our little swimsuit session got a little~... Exciting~" Clover said as she was naked. "Oh really~?" Aqua asked, knowing what she meant by that. "All of them~... So thin~... So tight~..." Lithia said, delusional from the skimpiness and tightness of multiple swimsuits. They giggle a bit from the scene, but then they started hearing voices downstairs. Aqua and Hana peeked to see who it was or they were.
They see a shiny Sligoo and a shiny Auruma coming towards them. "Hello." Hana greeted them and wave. "Hey, Pluie and Cyna~" Aqua did the same to the Sligoo and Amaura respectively. "Sorry for showing up late. We been playing outside for a long time." The Sligoo, Pluie, explained. "Yeah~! It was fun~..." Amaura said, licking her lips from their earlier moment. "Uhhh..." Hana stated , looking confused at her tone. "You girls wanna more specific answer~?" Pluie asked, grinning seductively. Hana got it at that point. "No thanks, we're good." She said, starting to blush a bit, but Pluie and Cyna both jumped on Aqua and Hana respectively, giving them a surprise kiss!
The grass type reacted by trying to push Cyna off her, but the Ice-type managed to kiss her in the lips. She shudders as her lips felt cool to the touch. As for Aqua, she didn't hesitate at all with Pluie and allowed the slimy snail-like dragon to slime her. Aqua wrap her arms around her and stroke the gel like skin. Getting some of her slippery moist slime in the process, also getting some giggles from Pluie as well. They then kiss and embrace together. Aqua letting out a cute moan from the kiss as she was completely covered in Sligoo goo.
She quickly glanced over as much as she could. "How do I look?" Aqua asked. "Very hot~" Pluie chimed. "Thanks, you two~." Aqua chimed back. Hana can hear them and mumbled to herself. "I don't understand why is everyone so... Sexual?" She tried to look upwards for Lithia and Clover to see what they're doing, and she can hear faint moans and groans of ecstasy. 'Even them too?' she thought. 'Ugh... It's like everyone of us are born to mate each other...' Cyna lays on top of Hana, causing her to shiver from the cold body.
"Aaiiee~...! My body feels weird around the cold~!" Hana shuddered as her sensitive parts start to get excited. "N-no, I can't get excited by this!" She muffled as she tried to push her off, but the Amaura was bigger than her so she was too heavy for her. With that, she just tried to hold back her arousal, 'Don't think pleasurable thoughts, don't think pleasurable thoughts...' but then memories of her sexing with Aqua in the bathtub clouded her mind... And then her heart. "Ngahh... so nice..." She muffled as she slowly made vines and move to Cyna. They wrap around her body, which tickled and then the tips of her vines reached her vagina and anus.
Cyna smiles as the chikorita started to go along. Pluie and Aqua noticed this as well. "Hah~... How long... Ngh~... Have we felt... Ooh~... So good~?" Aqua asked, drooling a bit. "Not too long I assume~." Pluie answers, rubbing Aqua's breast. "Aagghh~..." Aqua was too delusional from so many pleasures, couldn't pay attention. Hana went and started kissing Cyna back, her a hard on slowly growing. Pluie giggled and nuzzled her head all over Aqua. Said Oshawott murred and nuzzle her back. Aqua giggled delusionaly and felt wet and hard. "Everyone, little Aqua wet herself~." Pluie chimed out.
Hana and Cyna turned to see it was true. Aqua was feeling sexed up and twitching. Hana panted, "This is great and all, but can we wrap this up? I could really use a nap." "Okay~!" Cyna chimed and pressed her pussy on Hana's. Hana groans out in bliss as she tries to press back to Cyna's pussy, which the Amaura grinded on. The two moan louder as their climax were soon approaching. They soon came and drenched the floor before collapsing.
They panted as they look to see everyone else has finished as well. As they do, they stared hearing voices... Familiar voices. "So how were our kids, Ice and Nume?" It was Blade's. Well I been hearing that they have been having fun and all." "What kind of fun?" Petal asked, wanting to know while taking off their clothes. "Don't really know honestly, maybe you should go ask them yourself." Ice suggested. "Mmhm~ By the way, you're all lovely when we're nude in the house~!" Nume nodded and giggled. Hana sweated a bit as they heard footsteps, "On the bed, under the blankets." She said urgently. Aqua nodded and they went in quickly.
The six of them huddled close together, closing their eyes as they stepped in. Their heads nuzzling together cutely. "Awww, they must've tired themselves out and went to take a nap." Petal said looking at them. "Yeah... I wonder what exhausted them~?" Blade asked as if she didn't know. The parents left their kids alone as said kids let out a mental sigh. 'That was close.' They all thought. Aqua then laid down and was doing something with her hands and hips. "What are you doing?" Hana asked. Aqua noticed this and looked away while still doing what she was doing. "Aqua?" She repeated. But the Oshawott shook her head and let out a soft moan.
She realized what's going on. "Aqua come on. We barely got away with this." Aqua groaned a bit and revealed her hard throbbing. She blushes at the sight of it, "Just leave it alone. It'll go down." Aqua sighed and whimpered as she was feeling good for a moment there. "You'll be alright." Hana said comfortably as she rubs Aqua's back. Aqua smiled. "I love your smooth petal-like skin~" Hana smiles, "I like your sweet, soft fur~." They sighed and laid down in bed.
A few minutes later, they came down, feigning a yawn like they just woke up. They see their parents in the living room. "Mom, you're here. When you all came back?" "Yeah... Where have you been?" Hana asked, feigning tiredness by rubbing her eye. "Sorry we took so long." Blade said to them. "Yeah, we had a fun time back at Daisy's place~" Petal followed. "Here, come with us and we can talk about it." Blade said mentioning their kids to come with them. "Okay, so how do we talk about it?" Lithia asked curiously. "You'll see." Dyna answers, walking somewhere else with Eco.
Aqua and Hana reached their parents own room. "Okay, um so what happened at Daisy's?" Hana asked them. "Well, we had some fun and all~... Anyway, do you wanna know why we all became naked as usual in our home?" Petal said and asked teasingly. "I assumed it was natural since pokemon usually are naked? Hana asked. "And yet, we were wearing clothes when we went out~" Petal pointed out. "Uh... Just felt like wearing something?" She said shrugging. "Actually, we wanted to make sure no bystanding Pokemon noticed us being naked~" Petal answered. "Oh." Hana said. "Where are your clothes though?" "We took them off whenever we're home~"
They nodded, but Hana still looked confused. "Why you needed to tell us this in private?" "For this~" Petal then leaned in and kiss Hana the lips~! Hana flinch a bit, but didn't find it odd as she kissed her back. They soon pull back afterwords and Hana asked. "Mom~? Why are we like this~?" "Like what?" Petal asked. "So sexually romantic?" Hana shivered, rubbing her hips together. "Oh that we'll..." Petal paused, not knowing how to answer. "Mom~...?" Petal then sat down and spreads her legs wide. "It's not easy to say, so how bout I show you~?"
Hana stared at her mother's pussy lips which look inviting. She starts to slowly walk towards it, her face blushing redder as she gets closer. Petal then opened her folds a bit wider to show her. Hana moves towards her mother's lips and started licking it. Which Petal moaned and leaned her head back in ecstasy by the tiny slick and ticklish tongue. Hana started to smile hearing that her mother is enjoying it. She then started kissing it adorably. "Mother, you taste so good~. This aroma~..." The chikorita murmurs as it hits her nose. 'It's like a fresh meadow.'
Petal giggled at her daughter's cuteness and has her feet push Hana at her pussy. "Hmm?" Hana got out as her face pressed against her mother's folds. "Come inside my womb, Hana~... Come in where you got out~!" Hana blushes at her mother's intentions, shivering a bit from nervousness. Petal then tries coaxing her by shoving Hana more at her moist entrance with her vines. Hana's head push past her folds and into her depths. The Shiny Chikorita then sees in her mother's labia. It's pink and pulsating inside, and its pink walls were moist, dripping with sweet cum.
Hana stare at it in wonder. "Wow, so this is what it looks like inside~" She then felt her mother's vines push her in until her front legs were in, allowing her to move inside her labia. 'It's... So warm and moist in here~." She thought swooningly. Hana then moved her front legs and started crawling into her womb. Petal murrs at her daughter's new willingness as half of her body was inside Petal now. Aqua giggled as she saw her sister/bestie doing this with her mom and then turned to her own mother to ask her. "Hey, mommy~?"
Blade turns to her daughter smiling. "Yes sweetie~?" "Um~... I maybe small but~..." She then grabs her cock and licks it. "May I ride you~?" "Oh, are you sure~? Way I figured, you would like to have your sister take your cherry~." "I... Wanna know how big you are~..." Aqua strokes Blade's length with her small paws and licks it all over with her tongue. "Well I still wanna let you have your first with your sister~." she pat Aqua's head as she said. "You can still lick though~." The Shiny Oshawott giggled and engulfed Blade's cock in her mouth, making her mom gasp in pleasure. "Whoa, so sudden~?" Blade asked surprised. Aqua's small mouth can only take in so much and she strokes the rest of her length as she continues to suck on it.
Blade felt like her body has been paralyzed as she couldn't move. "S-so tight~!" she moans out. 'Oh yes~! I have her on the ropes~!' Aqua chimed in her thoughts and suckled and licked fast. Blade moans in pleasure as she moves her tail to tickle Aqua's pussy. Aqua muffled out a giggling moan as she still sucked on her mom's herm dick. "Don't think you wouldn't get pleasured as well~" Blade teases rubbing back and forth. "Mmm~! Love you, mommy~!" Aqua muffled lovingly as she moved her paws to her pussy. "Mommy loves you too~." Blade said lovingly as well as she caress her daughter.
Aqua swooned at her touch and opens her vagina. "Aww, getting a little heated up~?" Aqua groaned as she licked her some more. Blade started to stroke her pussy and butt cheeks at the same time. Meanwhile, Hana's butt was wiggling as she is getting inside more of Petal's pussy. "Mommy, it's so warm and comforting inside you~." she said trying to go in deeper. Petal giggled and placed her paws on Hana's tiny buttocks and pushes her in. Only thing left was Hana's tiny feet kicking outside, causing Petal to giggle, and then used her vines to help Hana get in.
There was a small lump at Petal's lower body, noting where Hana is at the moment. Petal then placed her paws on the bottom end of the bulge to help Hana get through. Hana blushes as she tries to help her with the movements by shimming herself. She also felt her bottom touched by a part of her mother's labia because of her big paws. "M-mom~." she murmurred from the touched embarrassed. "Hm~?" Petal muttered. "I love you mom~." she said sweetly, rubbing Petal's inner walls. "I love you too, sweetie~!" Petal moaned as she continued to help push Hana to her cervix. "Mom, I'm nearing some kind of wall. Is this the end?" Hana asked. "Almost, darling~ Let momma help you~!" Petal then pressed the back-end bulge slightly hard to aid Hana in getting in her uterus.
Hana closed her eyes, but didn't expect to hit the wall as she expected. She then starts to slide in her womb's insides. Hana was surprised to see that the room inside was rather bigger than she inspect it to be. "So wet~... So warm~... I'm... Going to sleep now..." Hana muffled as she closed her eyes slowly. Hana snuggled into a ball as she fell asleep, feeling warm and protected inside Petal, who giggled and patted her belly, whispering to it. "Mommy will keep you safe until tomorrow morning~..." Petal turned to see how Blade and Aqua are doing.
The two were panting in ecstasy. Aqua had tasted her mother's sperm and came when her pussy was played by her tail. Blade was exhausted after shooting her cum in her daughter's mouth and drenching her in the pearly white fluids. "How you two doing?" "Just great~!" They panted before collapsing. Petal smiles as she moves and nuzzle the two. "Is Hana gonna come out soon~?" Aqua asked drowsily. "I think she'll be napping in me for the night." Petal answered.
The three snuggled close together as they hugged. "Mmm~... I wonder what it'd be like to big as you, mommy~?" Aqua yawned, close to her mother. "Well you be stronger, tougher, bigger... in more ways than one~." Blade added, rubbing Aqua's small breast. "Mmm~... I heard from a Shiny white Floette... About a competition between best friends~..." Aqua mewled softly. "Oh? How much did you hear?" "Well~... I'm supposed to be a fully-evolved Pokemon and be a submissive opponent. I'm not sure why two challengers have to be different positions, but I'm looking forward to be the slave~..." Aqua blushed cutely as she explained. "Well now, this will going to be interesting."
Blade licked her lips as she thought of getting dominated by her opponent while tied up. "Guess I'll wait until you're a dewott or something." "Nah~... I wanna be a Aqua whined as she went to sleep. Blade chuckled as she went to sleep with her family.


Clover(H Snivy)XLithia(H Pikachu) Part 1

Clover(H Snivy)X Lithia(H Pikachu) Part 1
This story is taking place the same time as the last one, so I won't be repeating past words, just remember what was happening last time.

* * *

Lithia and Clover were in the swimsuit dressing room where there are mostly skimpy swimsuits. Lithia stretched the synthetic fabric of one of them. "Have you found any that fits us?" Clover asked. Lithia shook her head but wasn't upset. "Nah, but~! They'll look cute trying to squeeze our busts~!" She chimed, smiling. "Hmm, maybe." she said looking at the swimsuits with a calm expression. "Still, I don't know why our mothers bought these if some are too small for us..." Clover said, looking at a top bikini with sheer triangles that only cover the nipples. "So odd... So Lithia, what you want to do?" she asked.
Lithia grinned creepily at Clover, scaring her a bit. "Wanna try one out tight~?" A bead a sweat dropped down off the snivy's head. "W-what do you mean?" "Here~... Lemme help you~!" Lithia said, advancing slowly to her. "L-Lithia, you're starting to scare me..." Clover said, backing away from her. Lithia then used Sweet Kiss in the lips to daze the Shiny Snivy! Clover shudders as their lips touched, her mind going numb quickly. Lithia takes this chance and wraps the small tight bikini around Clover. Her mind was going in circles as she doesn't realize what was happening. Until she felt a tight feeling around her torso and breasts.
Her mind starts to get it together as she looks around, wondering what's going on. She also felt her stubby feet on their toes as she felt nearly tripping and her chest feels constricted by a stretchy fabric! "What the?! How did I get into this?" Clover asked embarrassed as she tries to take it off, but Lithia held her in place as she gets the stringy panties. "What are you doing?" She asked noticing the things fabric her sister is holding."Getting you in these sexy clothes~! Just to know what it feels like~!" Lithia chimed before making them fall on their backs so the Shiny Pikachu slips the panties on tightly. "Eeyiee!" She winces, "It's too tight!" Lithia grinned as she pulled it all the way in place.
Clover was shaking a bit from the uncomfortable feeling. "H-how do I look?" "Heh~! Wait 'til I put on my swimsuit~!" "Ugh.. what?" Litha then gets a red synthetic fabric which is small but stretchy and tight for her boobs. She starts to slowly apply it on her chest, letting Clover watch her. "Eeeh... Hey~... Could you maybe help me?" Lithia asked shyly. "Uh...how you want me to help?" She asked, a little embarrassed. "Tie this knot up on my back really tight." Clover grabs the fabric and moves to Lithia's back, struggling a bit to tie it. The Pikachu waited patiently for the Snivy to make her back feel tight by the knot.
Clover was able to somehow tie it enough, "There. Sorry if it feels tight." "It's fine~" She then showed her another stringy pair of panties, red as her bikini. "Get this on my crotch~!" Clover blushed harder as her paws move to them shaking. Lithia then pushes them to her. Clover stumble a bit as she looks at them for a moment, then to Lithia. Who smiled with that toothy grin. "Umm... Can you lay down?" Lithia nodded and does so.
She opened her legs for easy access, showing her pink lips in the process. "Ugh..." Clover groaned. "Please, let me do it without your flower!" "What do you mean?" "You want me to slip this in your hips!" "Yes, I need to open my legs for you to put it on~." Clover growled and stretched the panties. She slipped past Lithia's feet and moved upwards. The Shiny Pikachu sighed with pleasure as the crotch part touched it. 'Her flower looks cute~.' Clover thought as she moves it higher. She then gets it on her.
Clover shakes her head as well to clear it. "Well, how is it? Nice and tight?" Clover asked deadpan. Lithia got up and giggles, "Sure is." "Come on and pose with me~!" Lithia said, walking towards the mirror and poses, looking at herself. "Um... I don't think that's a good idea " "Hmph! Sissy~!" Lithia chimed to mock Clover. "Hey!" Clover then came over and posed like a stripper. She stretched her body up high making herself look slim, her breast bouncing around. With her tight swimsuit squishing her breasts and she gasps at the tightness. "That's the spirit~." Lithia calls out.
As she makes poses that look like her own swimsuit might rip up. Clover blushes as she looks at themselves in the mirror. Their swimsuits seemingly couldn't take anymore stretching. "They look like they're about to break." Clover pointed out. "Really~...?" Lithia said seductivley, licking her lips and stretched as hard as she could. "Yeah, let's not let them snap." She warns. "Not a chance~!" Lithia shouted out and stretched harder. "Hey stop!" She calls out and rushed to stop her, unintentionally pushing her down and landing on top of her.
Their ultra-skintight swimsuits then broke off, snapping and flying away, leaving them both completely naked! Clover looks stunned at the situation covering her breast. "Eep! Don't look!" Clover yelled embarrassed. "It 's okay. It happened to me as well~." She answered as she points to her own breast. "It's not a good thing, sis!" The Snivy yelled at her, annoyed. The snivy then proceeded to get up, but the Pikachu had paralyzed her with a Static Ability. "H-help me up." She asked shook her head and licks her lips. "What? Why not?" Clover asked. Lithia answered her with a kiss in the lips!
Clover grunted as she felt Lithia wrap her arms and legs around her body. And stroke her smooth scales. "Mmmph~." she muffled at the soothing sensation as she felt Lithia's tongue poking her mouth. Clover then realized Lithia wants access in her moist cavern. "Lithia, please calm down. You're not thinking straight." She muffled trying to keep her mouth closed, but the Pikachu ignored the Snivy and pinched her nipple to make her moan in the kiss. She let out a slight yelp that turned into a moan from the pinch.
With that, Lithia snaked her tongue in Clover's mouth. "Oohh~!" She gasped at the sudden action as the tongue moved gently around inside. Clover tried not to give in but she wasn't able to resist. 'She's... She's too strong! I may be a Grass-Type but I'm not sexier than her!' Clover thought. "I mean... How did this happen in the first place?" She muffled. Lithia soon let go and looked down at her sexily. "Our moms are lovers~" "That's obvious for them." Clover pointed out. "Yeah, but where do you think we came from~?" Lithia asked. "Why are you asking me?" She asked back. "Just to remind you~" Lithia said, squeezing Clover's breasts. "I mean, we're their kids and all.' Clover shrugged. "Uh-huh~! And how did they have kids~?" Lithia asked seductively, grinding her now-erect member at Clover's now-moist pink folds.
She was about to answer until she felt the grinding. "Wait you don't mean?" Lithia nodded dirtily as she poked Clover's pussy with her pink hard tip. Pleasure moves through her body from the rubbing, unintentionally getting wet in shook her head and looked up at Lithia. "N-No! Sis, this doesn't feel right!" "Oh, what doesn't feel right~?" "O-Our... Crotches...!" Clover winced with tears in her eyes. "Are... Are you okay." Lithia asked, noticing the tears. "I-I just... F-Feel so... Tingly...!" The Pikachu got up and watched her sister. "Tingly~?" She asked, looking in her eyes. Clover nodded as her paws were at her chin.
Lithia places her hands to move them away and rub Clover's chin, and then at her cheek. "L-Lithia?" She said stuttering. Lithia then smirked and kissed her more gently. Clover shuddered and started kissing back, " Why are you doing this to me~?" "'Cause I love you, sis~..." She shuddered at the words. "Huh?" She muffled barely audible. "I love you~..." Lithia muffled affectionately. Clover murred, tears forming even more than before. She felt a little more comfortable with Lithia being so... Loving. She even went to hugging and kissing her back.
They even opened each other's mouths and slid their tongues together. Clover wrapped them around tenderly, making out. She then starts feeling hard and erect herself. "Something's weird." "It's your cock, Clover~" Lithia said to her. She felt it push out of her. "Oh right." She said embarrassed. Clover then reached for it and grabbed it with her bare hand. She shudders from the sensation of it. Her own member twitched as if it tickled. She blushed as she started stroking it. She then felt a strange sensation as she started to moan from the feeling. "This... Feels soo good~."
Clover squealed as she squeezed her penis. She forgotten that Lithia was nearby however. But the Pikachu didn't seem to mind as she smiled. She opened her eye and blushes, "Sorry about forgetting you~." "Meh, no biggie~!" Lithia said before thrusting in quickly! She let out a pain gasp from the sudden penetration. "Aaah~! What are you doing!?" Clover asked painfully. Tears forming in response to deal with it. "I'm gonna blow my load into you sooner or later~..." Lithia said, trying to get used to the tightness. "You've could've been gentle with it. That really hurt." Clover whined.
Lithia humphed and goes in and out of her roughly. "Aiee, slow down!" she cried out. Clover whimpered as she felt that she wasn't ready yet. She toss and turn as she tried to get out of it. "P-please slow down." she whimpered in tears from the pain. Lithia complied and went a little slower and strokes Clover's dick gently but firmly. "Sorry." She started to calm down a bit as she was crying less, also moaning in pleasure. "Augh~... So nice~..." Clover moaned. Lithia licked Clover's cheek affectionately. "Happy you're enjoying it." She then licked her tears off. "But that part really hurts though." she said catching her breath. "Hey, it's all good, sis~!" Lithia pinched Clover' nipple lightly. "Ahh." she said smiling.
Lithia giggled as she pulled her nipple a bit. It hurt a little, but she made sure not to overdo it. Clover winced a bit but smiled. "Lithia?" she asked looking at her. "Hm? What is it?" "Um... can you... kiss me~?" she said sounding shy, but looking at her. Lithia blushed and looked away a bit. "Well~... I dunno~" Clover looked confused. "Just do me favour first~" Lithia said. "What is it?" "Just lay back with your arms and legs spread-eagle so I can do you~" Lithia explained. "You're already doing me~." Clover said sounding confused. "I mean, make yourself submit to me and let go of me while I still can for you~" Lithia explained a bit more.
Clover blushes as she looks at the yellow mouse. She then lets her her arms and legs go of Lithia. "You have full access of me." Clover said softly. "Alright, just remember to not move any of your limbs~!" Clover nods as she makes sure she's in a eagle position. Lithia grinned and then starts thrusting in her gently. Clover blushes as this time it was more pleasurable than before. She sighed in ecstasy and relaxed, keeping her entire body still with her limbs not moving. "S-so can you~?..." Clover started. "Huh?" The Pikachu asked. "I asked if we can make out~?" "Oh yeah~" Lithia then leaned in with puckered lips. Clover smiled and got ready.
They then kissed into each other's lips. They wrapped each other's tongues together, and started to wrestle, tasting each other's saliva. The two were murring from the pleasure. Lithia was doing all the work while Clover just lays back and relax. Lithia move her paws on Clover's breast and started groping them. The Snivy then gasped at the feeling squishing her chest. 'Oh how I would love to hug her close~...' Clover thought. 'But I'd rather relax and do nothing as she molests me~...!' She thought as she still didn't move a muscle. Lithia uses her hindpaws to rub the grass type's legs.
Clover moaned at the touch. "So good~." Muffled Clover. "Wanna cum now~?" Muffled Lithia. "A little bit~." she admitted. Lithia then thrusts faster and harder. Clover started to moan louder, her body trembling in response. "Oooh~... I'm about to cum~...!" "I don't mind. Let it out~." Lithia encouraged. "Haah~! Haaah~! AAAHHH~!" Clover closed her eyes, screamed and let out her orgasm hard. Her juices covering Lithia's cock and her own covering Lithia's stomach. Clover moaned lewdly as her vaginal walls were sprayed with a warm white fluid.
She shudders from the warm feeling flowing inside of her. "Aaahhh~..." The Snivy sighed as she was about to sleep. Lithia noticed this and lay down on top of her, hugging her in the process. "Aah~ You think... Mama will approve of this~...?" Clover asked dazed. "I'm sure they would. Mama helped me experience anal you know~?" Clover was surprised to hear this. "R-Really?" She nods her head. "Our other mother would be happy to let you take her. Maybe the other way around~. I heard she's very affectionate to little ones~." she teased. The Snivy blushed as she nodded. "You need rest, or you want to meet the other girls~?" "A rest, please?" Lithia nods and snuggled next to her sister.
They then heard, but ignored the door open. Though they did too a quick glance to see who it was. It was a certain Oshawott and Chikorita. Both who have a curious look at the two. "Looks like we're not the only ones~." Clover whispered. "No, we're not~" Lithia agreed. "So what do we do?" she asked. Lithia turned around and spread her four limbs wide. "Now you do me~!" "Sure. Seems fair to do you~." she said as she climbed over Lithia's belly, and grinded her own cock at the Pikachu's vagina. "Like me. No moving, leave everything to me~." she said. Lithia nodded as her nipples were pinched and pulled tightly, causing the Pikachu to yelp and moan in response.
The Snivy then used her vines to press and hold Lithia's limbs in place. "What's this~? You don't trust me~?" she asked, mocking sounding hurt. Clover smiled and let her vines and hands go before wrapping her vines around Lithia's boobs tight and expanding them with the pressure. "It's not your limbs~." she joked. As her vines wrapped around the Pikachu's boob tightly, the Snivy took the chance to tug on her nipples again! "Kiahhh~!" she moans in surprise from the treatment. "Oooh~! How do you like your breast and nipple treatment~?!" Clover teased as she pulled harder and further, making the Lithia cry out in tears. "This is payback for my previous treatment right~?!"
The Snivy nodded as she pulled even more harder, but not too hard. She gritted her teeth in a effort to endure it for the time being. It wasn't long before Clover's pulling hands slip off Lithia's nipples painfully, causing the Pikachu to cry out and cum. "Aww, the little mouse wet herself~." "Sh-Shut up..." Lithia sobbed as she grabbed her own nipples, both which became a sore red. "Ah Ah Ah~!" Clover move her hands away with her vines. "No moving~." "B-But my nipples hurt~..." Lithia winced. "Really~? In that case, I'll take care of them~." she said as she started licking them softly.
Lithia gasped and looks at Clover licking her nipples lovingly. Clover then planted a kiss on one of them, then went on to sucking on it. Also gently licking it and massaging her breasts. As she does this, Clover moves her cock to Lithia's entrance and started rubbing it, making the Shiny Pikachu moan before the Shiny Snivy thrusts in slowly and gently. Lithia winced a bit when a jolt of pain spread through her. Clover presses Lithia's breasts together and licked them more ticklish. "Shh~... It's okay~... Just go with flow as you lay back and relax~" She started to recover a bit from the soothing words as she started to murr from the pleasure.
Clover was still comforting Lithia's nipples which were a bit red. She licks as She thrust back and forth gently. Clover's vines then go for her own breasts and nipples. She uses them to rub her own leaking clit, moaning as they got wet. Clover then presses her own breasts against Lithia's, docking their nipples together. Both moaning from their sensitivity, and their nipples erect on each other, their sensitivity tickling the two. Clover wrapped her arms around her sister, nuzzling as her hands move down Lithia's rear, which she held to thrust in and out.
Lithia moans and pants in pleasure. "How am I doing~?" Clover asked. Lithia let out a small giggle and then moan as her walls tightened around Clover's cock. She then gasp as she felt her butt being poked by vines, which then open her anus wide for them to enter. Lithia gasped at the sudden sensation. "Guess you never had this Huh~?" Clover winked. Lithia shook her head, blushing. "So I took both at the same time~." She giggled. "Heh~... You're real lucky to be a Grass-type~" "You know it~." She smirked, kissing Lithia's cheek.
As Clover kept on thrusting, she felt something against her breasts by Lithia's breasts. She took the moment to take a look. Lithia's breasts start to enlarge a bit to her nipples "Huh, what's going on?" She asked looking confused. "I-I don't... Know?" Clover replied, but she felt something warm and wet on her breasts, there was even a misty sweet smell in the air when she lifted herself up a bit. Clover move downwards towards one and took a cautious lick to one of Lithia's nipple. It tasted somewhat sweet and warm, almost familiar when she was a baby. "It's breastmilk~." She said finally. "W-What!?" Lithia exclaimed and when Clover lifted herself up to try and examine the situation, Lithia's nipples started leaking down the creamy white liquid like a river.
It runs down at a slow, steady pace. "Can you stop it?" Clover asked, looking at the milk flow. "I-I don't know how!" She answered in a panic. 'Mrrph...! No choice!' Clover thought and then dived her head down to engulf both of Lithia's lactating nipples in her mouth! She gasped and moaned at the warm mouth surrounding her sensitive nipples. As for Clover, she tried not to give into the sweet taste of breastmilk. She blushes and shudders from the feeling as she felt her suckle her milk. "Wow, did our mothers felt this much pleasure when we done this to them?"
Lithia was sticking her tongue out as she felt her milk spraying out. 'If she can make me lactate~... I wonder if I can too~?' Lithia thought as she stared at Clover's boobs. As she nurses, she use her paws to rub Clover breast. "Mmph! Mno phaws!" Clover muffled in her nipples. "Forgive me, I just need to see something~." She said while rubbing. Lithia then massaged and squeezed Clover's breasts. She does find the feeling rather nice, so Clover just continued suckling. Lithia then pinched and pulled Clover's nipples as hard as she did to hers.
She winces a bit from the pain, but she endured to be fair. Clover then lifted her head up to take a deep breath, some milk drooling out her mouth. "How does it taste?" she said sounding bashful. Clover licked her lips with a smile. "Sooo~... Sweeet~!" Lithia's tits were still leaking a bit though."I hope to get a taste as well~." Lithia answers rubbing Clover's tits faster, and also tugging her nipples long. "You feel anything so far~?" she asked looking at her breast."O-Other than pain~... Ngh~! I-I think I feel them being sore and maybe red~? Aah~!" Clover moaned in both pain and pleasure as her nipples were still pulled like soft rubber.


Clover(H Snivy)XLithia(H Pikachu) Part 2

Part 2

* * *

A little while later, they notice them starting to swell a bit. Lithia smiled, knowing what's going to happen so she pulled harder until her paws slip off of them, leaving them sore-red. Clover rubbed then softly to help relax them. "Hey, mind if I help comfort them~?" Lithia offered, licking her lips. "I would appreciate it~." She smiles Clover then lowered her chest at Lithia's face, which made a seductive expression at the sight of her erect, red, sore nipples. The pikachu giggles as she started licking them gently. Her moist tongue twirled slowly around each nipple, making the Snivy shudder and giggle at the gentle kissing and ticklish licking.
Clover blushes, "They starting to feel strange~." She said shuddering. She could feel her boobs expand a bit and something leak from her nipples. Clover gasped and saw white liquid run down them. "I'm lactating as well~." The Snivy then felt her nipples spray her breastmilk out like water pistols. "Hahh, I'm sorry~." She gasped out, and quickly placed her paws on her breasts, covering the flow. "I-I don't know how they do that~..." She sobbed as droplets leak from her covering paws. "It's okay, just let me take care of it~." Lithia said rubbing her sister's neck.
She then gently removed her green paws and Lithia started to suckle on Clover's nipples. Clover smiled warmly as she seem like a young child nursing from her mother. She also sighed in pleasure as she was being suckled. She hugged her in her arms as she resumed thrusting in Lithia's vagina, as she allowed the Pikachu to suck her. The mouse pokemon moaned in pleasure as she suckled on, feeling Clover's hand rub her back. "Aw~... That's a good girl~... Drink up my sweet milk~!" Lithia shuddered as such a loving tone her sister telling her, giving her a feeling of affection as she continued onward.
Clover smiled and wrapped her vines around Lithia's member. She moaned as she relaxed and let her take over again. "I won't move my arms again now~." Clover giggled as she looked at Lithia lovingly. "But you can still suckle me, right~?" She smiled as she went to sucking Clover's breast for her milk. Swooning as she felt her body on fire from the intense pleasure. She felt her body shuddering, "I'm about to cum Lithia~." "Me too~...!" Clover screeched in ecstasy. She murred as she started to go faster and harder, to get to their climax.
As they went on, their breasts start to feel weird. Clover's breasts suddenly stopped lactating but start expanding again and Lithia's was swelling as well. "Huh,, what's going on~?" they asked confused. They didn't know but it was as if their breasts were in the zone as they grew larger. "Maybe we can just relax them." Clover suggested. "B-But I can't stop them!" Lithia moaned in protest. "W-whoa, they're getting bigger~." Lithia said surprised, sounding a little excited. Soon, their orgasm start to get close.
They moan out as they climax at the same time, Clover cumming in Lithia's pussy and the latter cumming on Clover, and at the same time, their breasts blow out their breastmilk strongly, drenching up them in warm creamy milk! She looked at each other shocked, then they started giggling and laughing. "Well don't you look sexy~?" Clover teased. "So do you with your tits squirting milk~!" Lithia said the same, giggling giddily. They look to see everyone is laying down resting after their sexual fun. They had covered their breasts to keep their milk from spilling.
Thankfully they started to relaxed. "Hey you hearing something?" Lithia asked. "Sounds like words." she said trying to focus on the hearing. While they try to listen, Clover squeezed her own boob a bit, which squirted some milk a bit like a turkey baster or water-filled balloon. "That sounds like... Our parent's are back!" Lithia said. "What...?! Eek...!" Clover whispered but accidentally spilled her milk a bit, making her cover her breasts again.
(The bed scene and the parents returning are from before. So I'm skipping to where they talk to their respective parents.)
Clover and Lithia headed to Dyna and Eco's room where their mother asked. "How are you two doing?" Lithia asked. "We're fine~" Dyna replied. "Did you had fun where you went?" Clover asked moving to sit next to her mother. Eco chuckled as she blushed. "Let's just say it was exciting as it felt good~!" Clover smiled, but then started blushing. "Um... mother? Do you think love is possible for age and even familial~?" Eco have her a curious look but then understand, stroking her with her tail. "Let's test that out with a kiss~."
Clover felt Eco wrap the bottom part of her tail around her lifting her up. "Anything I should do to help~?" she asked feeling a little excited. Eco giggled. "Close your eyes and pucker you lips~" Clover close her eyes and prepared herself. She then felt her lips lightly smacked. Clover shudders as she felt Eco hug her deeply in her coils, the snivy proceeding to kiss her as much as she could. The two muffled in their kiss and wrestled their tongues. Clover pushes her tongue against her mother's as hard as she can in a playful manner. Eco giggled as felt her daughter.
Their kisses become more imtimate as they push their faces even harder. They soon find it hard to breathe so they pull away with a string of saliva between them. They were panting as Clover's face was bright red. "W-wow, that was wonderful~." "Yeah, it sure was~!" Eco smiled, nuzzling her daughter. "So how did my mouth taste~?" she asked smiling. "Sweet~...!" Eco chimed cutely. "Anything you wanna note on it~?" "What do you mean?" Eco asked, not getting it. Clover look kinda bashful as she look down at her breast. "Noticed any differences at my chest?"
Eco stared at them for a bit, poking them with her vines. "Well, they seem to have gotten bigger~... Anything happened?" "Well, me and Lithia were playing around, rubbing and pulling at each other's breast. Suddenly they swollen and milk started leaking out of them~." "Oh my~! What did your milk taste like~?" Eco asked. "Lithia said they were good~." she smiled and blushed. "Teehee~! Wanna drink my milk then~?" Eco giggled as she offered. Clover looked down at her mother's breast to see that they're lactating. "Can I~?" she asked shuddering. Eco nodded as lifted one of her boobs to her daughter.
Clover smiled and latched on one of them, starting to suckle it gently. Her eyes widened as she tasted her mother's breastmilk. It was very thick and creamy, much sweeter than Lithia's own. She closes her eyes as she suckle faster, swallowing down her mother's milk. There were tears of joy in her eyes as she murred at the taste. "Mother, you're so sweet~." she muffles as she nuzzle her breast and drinker more. "Oh, my sweet Clover~... You're so cute~!" Eco said, stroking her head with her vine. Clover blushed and smiles at the warm words, then she felt something poking her sides. Clover looked to see what it is...
It was her mother's cock, throbbing next to her side, it was double her own in size. "Wow mother~." "Yup, wanna go for it~?" Eco asked seductivley. She stared at it, then to her mother. "You mean you want to~..." "Mmhmhm~! You had experienced sisterly love~... But do you want to know how motherly love feels like~?"Clover blushes at the idea, and she nods her head. "I want to know how motherly love is~." she smiles lovingly. Eco smiled lovingly. "Then slide into mommy's cock, deary~!" Clover moves upwards Eco's body since her mother loosens her coil. Proceeding to place her pussy lips on the shivered at the intense size of her mother.
She started pushing downward, moaning and groaning as the girth spreads her pussy walls. "Augh~...! Mommy's penis is stretching me apart~!" When she said that, she felt Eco's vines start rubbing her back and head comfortingly. Clover looked up, smiling at her mother before to their surprise, the Snivy slipped down, inserting more of her mother's member in Clover, which bulged when inside! "Ahhh~... It's so big~. And it feels good too." she moans in response. "Are you alright, sweetie?" Eco asked worriedly, trying not to twitch her member. "Y-yeah~. It hurts a bit, but not so much~." she said catching her breath.
Though a few tears shed out a bit, she even made a soft weep. "We can stop if it's too much for you~." Eco suggested softly, rubbing her head on top of the snivys. Clover shook her head and hugs Eco, looking up with a smile. "No, mommy~! I wanna be done by you~! I want your love inside me~!" She nuzzles her neck, "Thank you for the thought though~." Clover whispers. Eco smiled and she gently thrusts upwards in her daughter's small tight labia. That got the snivy to moan and murr in pleasure, her pussy leaking precum down her mother's member. "Aaah~! So biig~!" Clover moaned with her paws near her chin.
Eco moaned from her daughter's tightness and licked the top of her head. Clover giggled as it tickled, then she noticed Eco's lactating breast. "You can drink more if you like~." she offered. Clover nodded and suckled stronger than last time. The seperior gasped and shudder, "Eager for your mother's milk aren't we~?" "Mmhm~!" Clover nodded and squeezed her mother's breast and bit her nipple, which hurt a bit. "Aiee~! Easy with my nipples okay?" she gasped out. Clover grinned and continued to bite them lightly like a baby bite, but not so hard.
That was causing Eco to shudder as she starts to go a bit faster in Clover, who let go of her mom's nipples, lean back and moan out loud. 'This is so unbelievable. I just made love to my sister, and now I'm making love with my mother... and it feels so good having her inside me.' "My little Clover, you feel so good. I'm nearing my limit~." she murrs in the snivy's ear. "M-Me too, mommy~!" Shouted Clover, rubbing her bulged stomach. She started going faster. "Hahh, I love you Clover~." The Snivy felt touched as she wrapped her vines around the bottom of her mother's member. "Eee~! I love you too, mommy~!"
The two share a kiss as they moan together in unison. They even came hard together. Clover moaned as her mother's seed spills inside her, so much that some started leaking out of her pussy despite Eco's cock still inside. "M-Mom has so much cum~!" Clover yelped as she came. Eco slipped out of her as they nuzzle each other. Meanwhile, Dyna and Lithia were watching the two. "They're so cute together~." Lithia commented. "Mmhm~!" Dyna agreed and then looked at her daughter seductively.
Lithia noticed her look and giggles, "What is it mom~?" She asked cutely. Dyna answers her question by pulling her into a sloppy kiss! Lithia moans and kisses her back, hugging her mother tight. Dyna then pins her daughter on her back. Lithia shudders as she sees desire building in her mother's eyes. "You're acting awfully naughty today mom.~" "Oh am I~? How about you~? I can taste milk in your mouth. Just what have you been up too~?" The raichu muffled licking around the inside. "Heehee~! I think you just knew it~!" Lithia giggled, lifting her boobs up for her mother. "So, how did your sister taste~?" Curiosity beaming off the bigger mouse pokemon. "Like honey~! But what do you think of my breasts, momma~?" Lithia chimed and asked. "They look nice and big~." Dyna said, giving then a quick squeeze.
Lithia flinched but smiled. "Thanks~! Notice how big there are now~?" Dyna nods her head. "They were smaller before we left." "Well, me and Clover did some~... Sexy sessions together~!" Lithia blushed. "Oh, care to tell me~?" "Oh, you know~ Some straight sex and nipple-play~" Dyna eyes shine. "My little Lithia took her sister's cherry and got her own taken as well~." She teases rubbing their cheeks together. Lithia giggled at the cheek-rub. "Eeheehee~! Yeah, mom~! We really did~!" She noticed wetness and found out that Dyna's lactating.
Lithia then quickly takes in her mother's nipples and suckles on them! Dyna giggles and moans as she looks at her nursing daughter. She the brushes up a little static in her fur to shock her a bit to increase the pleasure. "Oh~. Drink up, sweet Lithia. Drink up mommy's milk untill you're satisfied~." She Murred, rubbing Lithia'a back. "Mmm~!" Lithia muffled in her nipples. As she does this, Dyna moaned as she felt her cock hardening from the pleasure. Lithia noticed this and grinds her pussy against it. She moans on the breast. "Mom?" She asked looking at her. "Yeah, sweetie~?" "I feel you rubbing me down there~." She shudders from the feeling, getting a little wet.
The Raichu smiled as she slide her penis into her vagina. Lithia moans as Raichu said. "Your sister experienced a mother's love, now it's your turn~." She said licking the pikachu's neck. Lithia giggled in agreement. And relaxed as her mother goes further, grunting from the size of her mother's cock. It was also sparking with a bit of electricity to make some pleasure around her moist walls. "Ahh, good thinking~." She said as she generated a little to her paws and rubs Lithia's member. The Pikachu yelped at the shock, but then stuck her tongue out.
Dyna moved forward and held the back of her daughters head, moving it to her nipple, which she then suckled on. Seeing her daughter latched on her breast, she held her sides and started to thrust back and forth. Lithia moaned as she felt her mother so good. The Pikachu move her paws to squeeze and pinch the other nipple. She then tugged and pull it hard. Dyna moaned and grunted from the pull of her breast hurting, but she started to thrust harder and faster. Lithia gasped and pulled harder. To the point her paws slipped off the nipple. Dyna moaned out loud as she came already, much to their surprise.
Lithia moaned in bliss as her mothers seed spilled into her womb, and then Lithia came her seed out with her own orgasm, painting the raichu's stomach white. The two panted as they collapsed. Dyna looked at Eco. " You know it would be cute if we gotten our children pregnant~." The raichu teases. "But good thing they won't~" Eco assured. "Why not?" "They won't if they don't want to~." "Yeah." Dyna carried Lithia and moved her near Clover. They smiled at their growing girls. Dyna eeped at Eco coiling around her. "What are you doing?" "Remember our sexy times together~?" Eco asked seductively, her breasts on top of Dyna's head. "It's difficult to forget when I have a sexy serpent nearby~."Dyna said reaching up to tickle the breast.
Eco giggled at the ticklish feeling and used her vines to tickle Dyna's own. Dyna squeaked at the ticklish feeling, rubbing and trying to tickle her as well. The two giggle as they were gonna have a good time like their girls. "Ready to be filled with mouse seed~?" she asked cutely. "I dunno~! Wanna be stuffed with snake semen~?" "You know me~. Let's make it a lust battle~." she offered. Dyna smiled boldly as they readied themselves to thrust each other. "If I win, you gotta act like my maid, doing 'services' to me for a week~." Dyna said. "And I got a perfect maid outfit for you~." "Is it~... Revealing and naughty~? Like, it shows my boobs and pussy~?" Eco asked naughtily. "That's right. Now what do you want if you win~?"
Eco thought for a moment until she gets an idea. "How about your arms and legs hang by my vines with you in spread-eagle and my head and tail will molest you to the peak of sexual insanity~!" Dyna shudders from the idea, and nods her head. They then got into a position that made them comfortable. Eco was coiled around Dyna to where they both can access each other's folds at the same time. "Whoever cums first loses~." Dyna explained. "Glad you agree~! You first~!" Eco said fast as she thrusted in really fast and hard. "Me first? You went right in~!" She got out as she thrusted in after her. "To make you cum first~! That's the whole point!" Eco chimed as used her tail for Dyna's asshole.
Dyna shudders from the feeling, usually using her electricity to tingle Eco's cock. Eco shudders from the feeling and uses her two vines, one each for Dyna's pussy and anus. Dyna moans from the double penetration, nuzzling her head to Eco's large breast. "It seems I'm winning~!" The Serperior bragged as she goes faster and deeper. "We'll see about that~!" She responds as she noticed her leaking nipples. Getting a idea, she latched onto one. Eco giggled then squeezed milk on Dyna with her other tit. "Didn't think it's a good idea to waste it~." Dyna teased. "Eh, I'm just trying making you submit~" Dyna giggles, "Try harder then~." She teases as she suckles harder. Eco smirked and decided to have her vines go deeper inside her holes and really deep inside.
The raichu moaned loudly as she sparked more electricity on her body. The electricity surged around both their bods. Causing the grass type to murr in bliss. "This feels so good~, but I won't give up~!" She said, thrusting her penis and tail in rougher. Dyna moans, nearing her limit. To compensate, she grabbed the other breast with a good spark. Eco gasped as she felt the nice electrocution. She felt herself getting close to her limit as well. It was a sexy battle between the two. 'I need a good finishing move.' Dyna thought, then she thought of her tail. 'Perfect~.' she thought and generated some electricity. Eek! Not a finishing move! Quick, Eco! Use Giga Drain~!' Eco thought as she glowed a bright green around herself.
Dyna noticed this and moved her tail to reach Eco's asshole quickly! Eco gasped but got her Giga Drain ready and charged. The green orbs floated from Dyna and onto Eco, though Dyna just got her tip into the snakes ass. Eco moans, but keeps her orgasm in. Despite the energy being drained from her body, Dyna still holds on. Eco was about to lose it, but then somehow, her Overgrowth ability activated. She started to grin as a extra surge of power flowed through her. So she decided to use Giga Drain again. 'Not again...' Dyna thought as she tried to think of something. She then thought of using Thunder! 'Well eye for a eye..' she thought as she generated large amounts of electricity.
Eco noticed this and with her Overgrowth ability, she supercharged her Giga Drain. Their attacks clashed and a loud scream penetrated the room. It seemed they had both came and became unconscious together. "Uughh~..." Aaauggh~..." they both groan out in pain and pleasure, completely dizzy. "So... Who... Won...?" Dyna asked dazedly. "Uh... Can't tell... heads spinning." she stuttered out. "... Well, we could both wear revealing maid outfits and hang our limbs together~ How's about it~?" Dyna chimed cutely. "Yeah, plus the thought of you being in a maid outfit would be cute~." she agreed.
Eco wondered about something. "Wait... How am I gonna hang myself up? By my tail and torso?" "Yep, though it could be trouble for both of us. How about I do it in the morning and first half of afternoon, you take the rest for the night." "Um... Please elaborate more specifically?" Eco asked politely. "If we're both tied up, how would we be able to move~?" "Uh...?" Eco didn't get it at all, which made Dyna sighed and decided to explain how they're gonna properly do this. "Okay, We'll wear maid outfits and have the one of us be strapped in for the first half of the day, then we switch places for the night part."
Eco nodded, now getting it. "Good, so you take the first half~." Dyna announced. "Wha? Me? Now?" Eco asked, surprised. "Nah, it's late. so let's start tomorrow." she said cuddling to the serpent. Eco smiled and slithered with her. She coils around the mouse in a comforting hug, nuzzling the cutie. They kissed and made out for a bit. Then they felt tired and fell asleep in a tight warm embrace, dreaming what strange but sexy thing could happen in sex.

* * *

To answer Wolf957 2 questions. Adoptive parent/ child is possible, and I have shown some stories where the pokemon is in heat. Example in chapter 70.


Maxwell(M Blaziken) X Robyn(F Absol)

Maxwell(M Blaziken) X Robyn(F Absol)
Maxwell and Robyn have been friends and rivals since they were young. They grew up together and fought with and against. They secretly had feelings for each other but they never really knew it. That was until an rival battle got a little bit... personal.

* * *

The sunlight shines over the forest. A open spot in the forest with a lake in it was bathing in the sunlight. A Blaziken was leaning against a tree. He stares at the lake with a small smile on his face. "What is taking her so long..." the Blaziken mumbled to himself with his arms crossed. He then suddenly heard something coming from the trees, he looked up. He saw a familiar white Absol staring down on him from the branch.
She smiled and jumped down. "So, you're finally here, Robyn. What took you so long?" the Blaziken said as he walked towards the Absol. "Sorry, got stuck in... well... trafic I guess?" the Absol answered with a grin. "Traffic? You know the location is here right?" he asked teasingly. "Yes, of course I know that," Robyn said, "But it's not really easy to get here because, well... There are so much things in the way such as trees, rocks and other stuff." she explained. "Someone who's athletic and fast got held back by stones and wood? That be a story of the century.""Yeah yeah, whatever Maxwell..." Robyn sighed
The Blaziken started stretching. "So now... you ready?" he asked stretching himself. "What do you think? Of course I am!" she said as she got into a fighting stance. Maxwell and Robyn looked at each other for a few minutes. Maxwell then charged forward with a Blaze Kick. Robyn would have charged as well with a Nightslash, But instead she waited at her spot before she dodged at the last second, then striking him with Faint Attack. The Faint Attack would hit him on the side, but he managed to recover. Maxwell then threw a Thunder Punch.
She jumped back just in time, dodging the attack and landing upright, but Maxwell didn't stop, as his got filled with flames. He then spewed out a Flamethrower. Robyn jumped to her side and avoided the stream, but was still too close as she winces in pain from the intense heat, but Maxwell was already one step ahead as he Flare Blitz'd towards her. She didn't saw it coming and received the full impact. She was sent flying back and rolled on the ground for a bit before laying on her sides.
Meanwhile, Maxwell felt pain too as he got down to one knee to recover from the hit. Robyn noticed this and got up and launched Shadow Claw at him. He reacted just in time to throw a Thunder Punch at her. Both pokémon would hit each other on the jaw. The impact landed and both fell on their backs. They were groaning in pain as they both struggled to get back up. Then Maxwell created a flame in his hand, drawing it back. Robyn would have open end her mouth as she created a dark ball in front of here. They both fired their attacks off at the same time. The Fire Blast and the Shadow Ball would clash onto each other.
The attacks hit each other, both striving to overpower the other. A explosion caused both of them to fall over. Robyn managed to get up again, but she could not see Maxwell because of the thick smoke. Then suddenly out of nowhere, Maxwell dashed towards her. He wanted to finish the battle with a physical attack, but didn't manage to gather enough power. Instead he launched his body against hers, causing them both the trip over and fall against a tree. Both grunted as Maxwell had Robyn pinned against said tree, both panting from fatigue.
They suddenly looked each other in the eyes. All the sudden they felt something strange in their stomachs, causing them both to blush. "Hey... You gonna attack or what?" she asked, feeling her face heat up. "Ehm... L-l-let's ju-just call it a-a tie... for now?..." he stuttered Maxwell now actually noticed how cute she really was. With those big, red eyes and her dark face fitting her white hairs. "What? Tie? W-We can't end t-this with a t-tie!" She stated. 'Why is he stuttering?... Why am I stuttering?' "Uh, Robyn?" Maxwell said kind of unsure of himself, "I think I have to tell you something..." "Ehhh... Who are you and what did you do to Maxwell?" Robyn said, attempting to make a joking grin.
Normally, Maxwell was a rather quiet, barely showing any emotion. Robyn did say he was "Though on the outside, soft on the inside" since he showed more emotion when they were alone, but now he was just surpassing his limit. "I'm not joking! This is serious!" he stated to her, causing her to jump a bit in surprised. "Sorry." Maxwell apologizes. "Me too, so what you wanted to say?" Robyn asked, more focused. "Well..." Maxwell began, "Sometimes, when you say certain things or whenever I pay more attention to you, I get a strange feeling..."
He looked at her, "But now... I think I know what it is... I... I actually have feelings for you..." "You... have feelings?" her face glowed a little more as she asked. "Wh-what kinds of feelings?" '"For mew's sake, Robyn, why do you have to make this even harder for me?" Maxwell said a little bit frustrated. "I think I'm in love with you." Then words suddenly came out like a volcano erupting after sleeping for months. "I mean, you're not like those other girls. You actually use your brain instead of the most of them, you are confident no matter what, you do not care what others say of you. And on top of it all, which I can really notice right now, you are REALLY cute. Not to mention you are pretty sexy too..."
Robyn noticed that he was staring at her chest when he said that. She blushed even harder as she felt both embarrassed as flattered. "I... I didn't know." Robyn said, feeling embarrassed. "I found you very impressive too. You're brave and loyal. You're also calm and collected, while every other guy would shout and such..." Her face reddens even more as he added. "And... Like you, I find you very handsome lately..So...So I... I think I'm in love with you too." She admitted, feeling her heart beating right at her chest.
They both stared into each others eyes for a bit, their hearts racing in their chests. Maxwell would move his head slightly to Robyn's, and suddenly he pushed his lips against hers, locking them into a kiss. She could feel his wet tongue entering her mouth, as it stroke against her own. Robyn eyes sparkled, then she closes her eyes as she rubbed her tongue with his. Maxwell's tongue circled around Robyn's, being slightly dominant. Robyn could not resist the enjoyment as she let out a soft moan. "Hmmmpffff..." Hearing the sound turned Maxwell on even more, as he moved his right hand slowly to her breasts.
Her body shudders as Robyn felt Maxwell's paw starting to rub her breast slowly. Him licking her tongue while playing with her breasts made Robyn moan as she enjoyed the pleasure she was receiving. She felt her arms tremble as Robyn hugged around Maxwell's body, feeling his warmth. After a few minutes Maxwell broke out of the kiss "So... What do you think?" he whispered in her ear, "Do you want to go further?" Robyn blushes as she nods her head with a smile. "I do." Maxwell grinned as he moves his paw down her body close to her crotch, but not touching it yet, as he wanted to tease her first.
She shivers as he moved her paw along her skin and stopped, making her whine a bit in response. "Why aren't you..." she stumbled. Maxwell had a devilish smirk on his face "Beg for it." "Wait, what..." "I know that you want my paw to rub you off, you're shivering for just being near it." Robyn looked at Maxwell "Touch me... Please..." "What was that? Didn't quite catch that." Robyn got slightly frustrated from the tease. "I said," she now said louder, "Please touch me." "Well if you said so." he then places a finger on her folds and started to softly rub it.
He slowly starts to rub her clit faster, but was careful not to trigger her orgasm. She slightly panted as she felt him rubbing her soft spot. "Ahh...Hahhh.." she panted as she started rubbing his back. after a few more minutes Robyn suddenly realized that Maxwell did most of the work and that she was the one that got pleased. She felt like she wanted to repay him for his efforts. She moved her paw between Maxwell's legs, where she could his something long and solid. She wrapped her paw around his member, stroking it.
Maxwell moaned from the touch and move to lick Robyn's neck. "Don't overdo it," he said, "I don't want to come before I even enter." "S-same here." She painted as she stroked it up and down slowly. Maxwell groaned and started to give light nips to Robyn's neck. Who helped at first, but then let out soft shudders every time. He then moves down her collarbone, nibbling it slightly. Robyn moans as she whispers. "More... Give me more." Maxwell grinned, "My pleasure," he happily obliged. He moved his head down to her breasts, and started to lick her nipples and breasts.
Robyn panted as she felt him fully erect. So she moved her hand away and let him take control. Maxwell pressed both hands on her boobs, groping them while he was licking and sucking her nipples. Her nipples harden from pleasure as she feels the heat within her raised to a fever pitch. He then stopped, bringing his right paw to her head while still holding his left paw of her breasts. Maxwell brought Robyn's face to his, then they both started kissing again. This kiss was rougher tan before, but just as passionate as they kissed and suckle each other's tongues.
Robyn moans loudly in Maxwell's mouth as their tongues start fighting for dominance. Even Maxwell started to groan a bit. He was still rubbing her breasts as they both make out passionately. This kiss was rougher tan before, but just as passionate as they kissed and suckle each other's tongues. Try as she might, Maxwell pushed her back and inserted his tongue in her mouth. It was clear that he had the most endurance. Robyn gave up on fighting back as she let him do what he pleases, though her loins ached for more pleasure, much more than what she's getting right now.
When they separated again, Robyn stated. "This isn't enough, I need more than this. If this is going to go much further... Then stop teasing me already!" She practically cried out the last part. "Alright then, I was just warming up," he snickered a bit, but then his face turned more serious, "I do have to warn you , though, this might hurt... a bit..." "I know..." she paused a bit since this is gonna be their first time. "But I still want you... I need you." she whispers to him. "Okay then..." Maxwell took a little bit more distance from her body to angle himself. He could clearly see her pussy and how wet it was.
Meanwhile, Robyn now got a better look at Maxwell's cock. She was certainly not expecting it to be small or anything like that, but she was still impressed by it's size. Seeing this, Robyn takes a few breaths to prepare herself. She also noticed Maxwell looking at her waiting. She nods her head for him to proceed. Maxwell rams his cock inside Robyn's pussy, instantly penetrating her hymen. "Aaaarrrggh!" Robyn screeched in pain as her eyes start to water. "Oh shit, sorry!" Maxwell apologizes, knowing how clumsy he was. She'd look at him, "N-no... it's fine... I-I'll get used to it..." she grunted out, "I've felt worse..."
Robyn hugged around Maxwell tightly to help lessen the pain. "J-Just... go slow at first okay?" "Alright then," he started moving his body back and forth. She still grunted a bit from pain and squeezed Maxwell's back in a effort to endure it, but she also let out a moan as well as she rested her head to his shoulders. Robyn felt a mix of both pain and pleasure as she feel's Maxwell's penis going inside and outside of her birth canal.
Maxwell started rubbing her breast and licking her neck in a effort to relax her. "It's all going to be fine," Maxwell told her with a calm voice, attempting to calm her, "Just remember that I'm here for you." "H-how can I-I... forget that yo-ou are here?..." Robyn said, attempting a grin,"I mean... y-you're litterly in-inside of me..." "Just trying to be comforting." He said grinning as well. "And you feel good too." "I'm a-actually starting t-to feel c-comfortable..." she still grunted a little, "And you're s-slowly beginning to feel n-nicer, too..." She slowly felt the pain turning into pleasure. "Is that so?" He smiles as he thrust a few more times. "Then maybe I can go a little faster now." He said as he started to quicken his pace. "Ahhh! hmm..." Robyn moans loudly in response of the thrusts. Maxwell raises his eyebrow: "Oh? You liked that, didn't you?" Robyn nods her head in agreement.
Maxwell smirks as he thrusts deeper into her She felt his tip touch her cervix as she hugs him tightly. "This... uggghhh... feels wi-ahh... wierd..." she barely got out, "But it... haaahhh... feels so good..." Robyn was dripping juices as she relaxes and let herself go for the pleasure. "You know, you look cute when you're horny." Maxwell said casually. "D-don't teased me you goofball." She stutters out blushing. He could feel his cock getting covered by Robyn's juices. For a moment he stopped, hesitating about something. Maxwell then made a "Why not?" face as he shrugged his shoulders. He moved a finger over the part of his dick that wasn't inside of her, sticking the juice to the finger. Maxwell did a experimental lick. "You taste like strawberry."
Robyn looks away embarrassed to look at him. "Thanks..." "Anyways... where were we... Oh, I remember!" he said teasingly before he began thrusting into her again. She gasped as she wasn't paying attention and clenched her vaginal muscles out of reflex. Maxwell jumped from the sudden pain "Ow! What the hell?!" "Hey, you surprised me!" She tells him. "Though sorry about that." "Hey, it's fine, we're both beginners," Maxwell said, blushing a bit "Heh, I guess that's what I get for ramming into you earlier." "Yeah, though it's not like I didn't enjoy it." She smiled. "Really? You sounded like you were in pain." "I was, but I also felt a jolt of pleasure as well." She admitted. "Well, it's good to know I didn't completely harm you." he sighed in slight relief. "Thanks for caring about me." She said warmly, rubbing his chin. "Anything for you, Robyn," Maxwell smiles.
Robyn smiles as well, then gasped out in surprise as Maxwell held her thighs up and started thrusting as he lean her on the tree. Robyn blushes as she wrapped her legs around him, "Wow... You're strong." she whispers. "I guess all that training did pay off after all, am I right?" He whispers back. She nods her head while moaning as she felt him going faster and harder still. He'd thrust powerfully into her as he slowly moves his right paw up to her breasts, rubbing them once again. Robyn moved and started licking Maxwell's neck tenderly as she rubs his back.
He responds to this by licking her neck as well, while his thumb fiddles with her nipple. She blushes as she licks and nuzzles into his neck. He slowly moved from Robyn's neck to her cheek. She started purring as he licked her cheek. 'Why did he hold out for this long?' "Robyn," Maxwell whispers in her ear, "I want to make-out with you one more time. I promise I'll give you my all after it." he request while he's still thrust inside her. "Maxwell... You can do what you like with me." Robyn smiles warmly. Maxwell blushes, "Thank you..." he said. He then pushed his lips against hers and slipped his tongue inside her mouth as he was still thrusting her.
Robyn kisses him back passionately as he is. He once again enjoyed the feeling of his tongue against hers, and being inside of her made it only better. He rubbed her breasts even harder. Maxwell gave Robyn as much pleasure as he possibly could. The Absol purred contentedly as she rubs his chest sensually. She even teasingly rakes her claws lightly on Maxwell's sides. The Blaziken felt a slight shock of pleasure running through his body and even shuddered a bit in response of the tease. "Felt good?" She asked Maxwell. "Yes, you actually made me shiver a bit." he admitted. "That's good. I was worried that I unintentionally hurt you." She smiled as she went back to kissing him again.
He groaned a little bit as he could her tongue going straight into his mouth. Maxwell had forgotten how strong Robyn actually was. Not to be overdone, he held onto her and started squeezing her body teasingly. Robyn responded by squeezing her vaginal muscles, but instead of them clenching like last time they gripped tighter around Maxwell's cock, adding to his own pleasure. He groaned in her mouth as he separated from her mouth, panting from needing some air. "Sorry... Went overboard." "It's okay," Robyn responded, "So... Do you want to continue, or... do something... else?" "How you holding up? Are you getting close?" He asked. "I don't know actually... I can't tell at this point." "Well, I'll keep thrusting until something happens." And he does just that.
She starts to moaning heavily again as she enjoyed his presence. She felt something building up within her as time passes. "I feel a pressure building up within me." "I think I can feel something too," He responded. Robyn got overwhelmed by the amount of pleasure she received. This was probably the best feeling she ever felt, with Maxwell thrusting deep and powerfully into her. She wished this moment could last forever. She gasped and shuddered as she felt herself releasing something. "I-I... I'm cumming!" She squeaked.
He can feel her juices splash on his cock. He can feel his limit coming to. "You want me to cum inside you?" She thought for a moment, but then smiled. "Yes... I want to feel your warm semen inside of me." He nods and thrust a few more times before groaning. Maxwell pushes his lips one more time against Robyn's as his cock cums deep inside of her pussy. "Oohh, Maxwell." She purrs as she nuzzles his head. She felt his warm cum inside of her. He pulled out of her slowly, and dropped next to her.
Both the Blaziken and the Absol laid on their back looking at the sky, both panting from their climaxes. "That was really amazing. Considering we f done this after our spar." Maxwell said. "Yeah, it was..." Robyn replied, "How do you feel?" Maxwell grinned, "I feel great." "So would this mean we're dating now?" He asked teasingly. "What's the point?" She giggled, "We already fucked before the first date." "So if we go for a cup of coffee, we're be dating then?" He asked pleasingly. "I guess you could say that..." She sighed. "Okay.. after a little rest, then we go for coffee."
Maxwell looks at Robyn. She looked beautiful, laying there as her body bathes in the sunlight. Before Maxwell could even think about it, the words escaped his mouth: "We should do this again sometime." Robyn looked at him, "Yeah, we should." They both then burst out in laughter. She snuggled at Maxwell. "So warm." "Come here," He hugs her tightly and gave her another kiss, but this time it was without tongue and with only pure love. He then moves his head to her neck. He whispers in her ear: "I love you, Robyn." She purrs when she heard those words. "I love you too Maxwell." She whispers as she feels a bit tired. They cuddled a little before they both feel asleep in each other's arms.


Steven X Paige (Future) Part 1

Steven X Paige Part 1

* * *

The day was clear and shinning with the sunlight on a beautiful day, and for such a beautiful day, a just as amazing event was taking place. A wedding, and who is it that's involved? Well, long time fans will remember these two. A Lucario was waiting next to a door waiting on his bride to finish. He was both nervous and excited, mumbling to himself "Today's the big day!" The door opened and a Gardevoir stepped out, wearing a beautiful wedding dress. She holds her arms together nervously. "How do I look?"
His jaw nearly dropped at just how absolutely beautiful she was. "Absolutely beautiful!" "Thanks Steven." she smiles as she looked over Steven. "You look good as well." "Heh, thanks Paige." He smiled, his suit had to be custom tailored due to his chest spike. Paige smiled as she moves to him and held him close to herself. "Well, shall we get moving?" Steven was obviously anxious about it. "Yes." she nodded and held his paw. "Don't worry. I'm a bit nervous myself." she smiled. "At least I'm not the only one, let's go." He led her as they proceeded out. She smiled as she followed him slowly and headed for her position. It was finally time for one of the best moments of their lives.
(Few months ago.)
Steven was walking with Paige down a park looking at the nature. He was mentally preparing himself, 'You can do this... ask her to marry you.' "This is a lovely place." Paige said, looking around. "Yep, without a doubt." He wrapped an arm around her shoulders. Paige smiled and blushed a bit from being close to her longtime friend. It had been a few months since the camping trip incident, When they talked about their feelings and took each others first. He sighed, knowing that he would force himself to ask the question before the day was over. Paige looked at him and noticed a contemplating look on his face and was curious as to what he's thinking about, but decides not to pursue it out of respect.
They walked in relative silence for roughly 5 minutes before they saw a familiar, albeit unwelcome face. It was a former high school student, and Paige's ex boyfriend Kyle, who is now a charizard. Kyle, as the obnoxious, self centered twat he was, shoved some kid over before spotting the two. "Ah, if it isn't the school bookworm and his little damsel." He said tauntingly. Steven was already becoming visibly annoyed and unhappy to see Kyle, "If it isn't the prick who can't ever keep a girl." Kyle's nostrils started to spew smoke as Paige spoke up. "Leave us alone Kyle. We didn't come here for a fight."
Steven just turned around and began to walk off, keeping Paige by his side, and flipped Kyle off. Smoke just continues to build out of Kyle's nose. Steven could just feel the death stare Kyle was giving him, "Paige, find a safe sfpot, there's only one way things are about to happen." Paige groaned as she looked at him, "You plan on fighting him by yourself?!" "Don't worry about me, thunder punch, remember?" Steven had a confident grin, "Besides, I don't want you in danger." "Yeah, and your also a steel type going against a fire type. Not good odds personally." "True... but I still don't want to risk you getting hurt, just trust me on this." He quickly hugged her, but not close enough to stab her with his chest spike.
Paige closes her eyes and sighs. "Alright, I'll let you take this alone for now. Although if I things get out of hand for you, I'm stepping in after you. Understand?" Steven nodded, "Deal, now stand back, he's gone ubersalty." He joked. Paige shakes her head and moved back, giving you the Lucario the space he needs. Steven turned back around to face Kyle, who was creating more smoke than a Weezing by this point. "Gee, with a smoking habit like that, no wonder you lost Paige during senior years." He mocked him as he prepares himself.
Kyle snorted, an orange glow beginning to appear, "At least I didn't get blackmailed by my teacher." Steven winces at the memory of that moment, one time he was blackmailed into going out with the daughter of that teacher. After the wincing, Steven just decides there's been enough insults, "Let's end the chatter and get to the point already, or is it just empty threats?" Kyle growled and launched at the Lucario, claws out.
Steven prepared for the rush, his paw becoming cloaked in electricity and winding up, ready to strike. Kyle then launched a Flamethrower at Steven. Steven didn't expect the sudden flamethrower and mostly avoided it, but his tail still got burnt. He takes the tiny flame out with his paw and he gather Aura in a form of a sphere and launched it at the Charizard. It followed Kyle at a nearly blinding speed, hitting a wing and slightly ripping it, causing flying to be much harder. Kyle growled and moved toward him, his claws glowing for a Dragon Claw attack.
Steven once more prepared a thunder punch, preparing to hit him dead on in the gut, and hopefully, electrocute his heart. He weaved to the right and landed it straight to his chest. This almost instantly made Kyle double over in pain before instantly retaliating with dragon claw, getting Steven's left arm. He stumbled back and held his left arm in pain. Steven knew he had to end it quickly or else he'd be in some real pain.
He charged towards Kyle, electricity charging into his right fist. Without a moment's hesitation, he slugged Kyle right in the face. The Charizard stuttered a bit from the electricity as he tried to remain upright. It was a fruitless effort as he soon fell to the ground, unconscious. The Lucario sighs as he found that the dragon has fallen. "Serves you right, damn bastard." As he began to inspect his wounded arm. He felt it was rather banged up and sore, "Are you alright?" Steven turned to see Paige moving to him. "Yeah... I'm fine, but, there's something I need to ask you." Steven was easily getting nervous.
Aug 14"No worries, I can help that arm." she places her hands near her chest as a pinkish light glows around her. As she opens up, the glow flow as a wave and envelope Steven, healing his injuries with her heal pulse. "Thanks, now, as I was saying..." Steven kneeled. "Uh... Steven?" she asked noting the position. "Paige...will you... marry me?" Steven was extremely nervous, his eyes closed. Paige stared at the Lucario, lost for words and tears starting to form in her eyes. She take a breath and smiled, eyes shining. "Steven... Yes... Yes, I'll marry you." she answers.
Steven was instantly smiling, wordlessly getting up and pulling Paige close, kissing her. Paige's eyes ran down tears of joy as she hugs and kisses him back. Steven and Paige were on the alter, vows being said as they were about to officially seal the deal. "Steven... Do you take Paige to be your lawfully wedded wife?" Steven was almost goofy smiling, "I do." Paige giggled at seeing his expression, "And do you Paige, take Steven to be your lawful husband?" She nodded, "I do." "With Arceus as my main witness, I announce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride."
Steven immediately grabbed Paige and kissed her passionately. Paige gasped a bit, but relaxed and accepted the kiss to the crowd's cheering. After about 15 seconds they broke apart, and Steven stood back for Paige to throw the bouquet into the crowd. She threw it excitedly, "Catch!" Out in the crowd, Steven's sister was the one to catch it, smiling goofy as if she just won the lottery. Paige giggled at the scene, then gasped at being lifted off her feet by Steven. Steven smirked before carrying her in his arms down the aisle, "Ready to just go home, love? Or stay a bit longer?" "Whatever you like." She smiles. Steven smiled, "Well, I say home since it's been an eventful enough day as is." Steven started heading for the door. "Fair enough." Paige answers.
Steven lightly chuckled, before whispering into her ear, "And not to mention what's gonna go on tonight as well." That got the Gardevoir curious. "What's going on tonight?" He just smirked, "Wait and see." He quickly kissed her again. Her face redeems as they enter the limo and it drives off from the church. Steven looked Paige's dress over with much more attention to detail then before. "What's with the intense look?" She asked. "Just admiring your beauty." He half-jokingly replied. "You perv." She halfhearted mock back. "Eh, last time I heard you say that was back during our camping trip." He retorted, smirking. "And you haven't changed much since then." She grinned. "What can I say? Why should I change how I am when I already have a wife who loves the bookworm nerd I am?" He chuckled, "Plus, I know you love it." His smirk was just getting cockier by the second.
Paige chuckled, but smiled warmly. "Well, you're quite a catch." "Yeah, that's for sure." He chuckled. "But I'm also something. Remember the blackmail incident?" He sighed, "Yep, that's a bad memory, but all in all you helped me out of that problem thankfully." When Paige discovered about her plan. She planned a way to help him out and expose the teacher's intentions. The daughters didn't know her mother's plan and was shocked. "Aside from that, oh wait, ride's stopping, I think we're here." Steven looked outside and as he expected, he saw their house.
He stepped out and Paige followed behind him. "Home sweet home." Steven smiled, walking ahead to open the front door. "Ladies first." He motioned her on. "Don't mind if I do." She stepped right in. Steven followed behind her, closing the door behind him. "How about we get this formal stuff off ourselves, it feels like I'm roasting." "Seriously? All right, we both know you can't take the heat." She giggles. "Oh come on, I'm covered in fur, besides I thought you'd prefer to have less of me in clothes anyway." He teased, pulling off his jacket and unbuttoning his shirt. "You're handsome with or without." She smiles taking off her gown.
Steven smiled, leaving just his pants on, "And you're just as beautiful, love." Paige smiles as she sat down on the couch, patting the spot next to her. Steven gladly sat down next to her, wrapping an arm around her and pulling her close. Paige looked up at him and rested her head on his shoulder, enjoying the warmth of his fur and skin. He sighed, enjoying the comfort of just sitting there with his wife. "It's just... this whole thing... even this moment. It feels like a dream." Paige commented. "Well it's real, and here's how to prove it." Steven quickly moved his paw over and quickly rubbed Paige's crest for a moment, smirking.
She let out a gasp as the Gardevoir's crest was incredibly sensitive. "H-hey." "What's wrong? I was just proving this wasn't a dream." He joked. Paige body shudders as she blushes, "This wasn't the only way you had to prove it." she sighs, "But this is real." "Yep, and besides, I wanted to do the best way to make sure this isn't a dream, besides, you're too much to just pass up on." Steven kissed her again, while keeping sure his spikes didn't tear the couch. She smiles, but remembered what they were cut off from finishing their talk, "What were you about to say in the limo?"
"I was just gonna mention the incident with Billy back in our Senior year, you remember?" "Ahh... that guy." she grumbles at the name. "Yeah, but let's set the memories aside for now and focus on what's going on now." Steven ran a paw down her arm, taking her left hand into his paw."I can go with that." she smiled holding his right paw in her hand. Steven stood up before pulling Paige up with his paw, wrapping his other paw around her waist, "And another plus is how well I treat you." He smirked. Paige started to blush as she nuzzles him. "True." He ran his paw up and down her back, "And I couldn't ask for anyone as kind as you are." Paige smiles warmly. "I'm glad I was able to meet you Steven all those years ago." "Same here, no doubt about that." He kissed her softly.
She murrs as she kisses him back, slipping her tongue inside him. He instantly met her tongue with his own, deciding to play around with her. They intertwine with their tongues and make out with passion and love. Steven began to let his paws roam around Paige's wonderfully curved body. She murr and sighs as she relaxed and let her husband explore her body. He decided to tease her, internally chuckling as he brought both paws up to rub the crest once more. "Ahh..." she moaned as she shivers from the touch. "S-steven..." she said softly. "Hm? What is it love?" He rubbed the crest a bit more before stopping. "Nothing... just that... I love you..." she said softly. "I love you too, no doubt about that." He brought his arms around to rest his paws on her rear.


Paige X Steven part 2

Paige X Steven

* * *

She hugged around him, taking caution about his chest spike as she squeezes him. He in turn hugged her back, and took the opportunity to lick the side of her neck playfully. She shudders in bliss and does the same to him. He gave a slight shudder at the feeling before proceeding to rub her crest quickly nonstop with his right paw while groping at her ass with the other paw. She gasp and moans as she feels paralyzed by the sensations moving through her body. "Too much for you?" Steven jokingly asked, beginning to smell something sweet. "Not even close." she answers in a determined tone. "Is that a challenge?" He lightly smacked her ass, waiting for her response. "Well I'm not as delicate as I appear to be." she grins.
He instantly picked her up and carried her to their bedroom, "Get ready love." He had a smirk and placed her on their bed. He lay down over her and caress her face, showing her bright red eyes. He sighed, "I'll never get tired of your beautiful eyes." She blushes, "You always have a way with words. Those romance books must've paid off." "Heh, well there's nothing better than keeping my beautiful sexy wife feeling special." He smirked, running a paw down her sides. She rubs her hands all over him as well.
He then instantly goes back to where he left off, rubbing her crest. "You j-just like it when I'm t-too sensitive to do anything right?" he said shuddering. "Not quite, I just love to hear the noises you make." He rubbed the crest quicker, a devilish grin appearing. "Ngh... hahh.." she moans out sweetly at the feeling, her body trembling. He soon abruptly stopped, grabbing her rear and firmly squeezed it, "Oh come on, love, I'm always the one who starts things, why is it while you're being pleasured I'm always still in clothes?" He half-rhetorically asked. "Maybe because you keep rubbing my crest that I can't do anything." she answers half rhetorically as well. "Well I'm wide open now, love." He began to unbutton his pants.
When he does that, Paige takes off her bra with one hand and her panties with the other. Steven soon removes his pants and boxers, leaving him clothless, along with Paige. She sat up and rubbed her breast softly. "Already getting started?" Steven was admiring her body, and kept one eye on her breasts. "Thought we could go for a little foreplay." she said in a alluring tone. "Of course love, maybe test out a couple of our darker fetishes later tonight too." Steven was grinning, his cock already almost fully hard just from the sight of his wife. "Darker fetishes?" she asked curious and a little nervous. "Oh nothing too bad, I just always had a part of me wanting to seriously dominate you." Steven smirked, quickly kissing Paige yet again.
Paige opened her mouth to speak, but was quickly muffled by the kiss. Steven soon pulled away, "Well, among other, more... interesting ones." She shudders as she wonders what is in the jackal's mind. Steven leaned over and lowly whispered into Paige's ear, "Of course, another part of me, a much darker one, always wanted you to, just for sex at least, call me master." Paige looks away from him embarrassed, but a deep blush betrays her feelings. "Just a thought." He smirked. 'To be honest, I probably wouldn't mind.' She thought.
Steven places his paw on Paige's cheek and stroke it gently. "What about you though?" Her thoughts paused as she looks at him. "What you mean?" "Any dark ones you got?" Steven was genuinely curious. "I'm well..." Her face flush as she thought of something. " I would want to have leather straps around my body." His eyes widened for a moment, "Well, for tonight at least you'll have to settle with leather belts." She let out a smile as she continues, "I also like dirty talk." "Simple enough, anything else?" Steven was already getting all sorts of ideas in his head. "One more, a bit of pet play." she finishes blushing. "Well I have no problem with any of those, and I'm gonna assume you're gonna like it rough?" He joked, quickly licking her neck to mess with her. "Yes, but not too rough please?" she asked him. "Of course, don't worry." He swiftly kissed her.
Every time he does that, she feels her heart relaxing as she can trust him. "So what will happen now?" "I think I have an idea..." He walked over to the closet and quickly grabbed a few belts. Her eyes widen as he takes some belts then come back to her. "Wh-what are those for?" she asked looking at the leather. "Oh you'll see..." He grinned laying Paige on her back. She lays there waiting, curious as to his plan. He proceeded to grab one of her hands and used one of the belts to bind her left hand to a bed post.
She stares at her tied up left hand and didn't realized Steven has moved to her right as well. "Now for the other hand..." He quickly did the same to the opposite hand and post. She reacted and tried to move them, but the bindings were very strong. He smirked, "Who said I only read romance books?" "I'm a little nervous about where you got this from. Considering what kind of books you read." she smirks. "Oh I know you've read some of those books too." He quickly kissed her before moving to bind her legs too. "I would never think of such things." she blushes as she said that. Aug 16"Sure..." He dragged out as he finished binding her.
Paige looked around seeing her limbs binded to the corners of the bed. "How'd I do?" He joked, looking her over again. "I can't move, so I say good job." she said jokingly. He chuckled, "And now I'm able to do whatever." He moved himself to be directly face-to-face with her. She shuddered at the closeness of him and the dominating look in his eyes. Ready?" "Um... for what?" she asked. He smirked, "For me." He instantly began rubbing her crest to watch how she'd react with the bindings on. She gasped and shudders from the touch and trembles in her bindings.
He grabbed her ass with his other paw and softly groped it, loving how she's reacting already. Paige started squirming and wanted to move her arms, but they're in place at the corners. He smirked, "Already squirming?" "I.. feel so... sensitive.." she get out through shudders. "Good, means I'll make you cum quickly." He smirked, rubbing faster and moving the paw that was on her ass to rub it against her extremely wet pussy. She moans, but tried to muffle more of it in a effort to resist.
He forced some of his paw in while going faster and faster with the other. "Hahh~." she gasped at the paw slipping inside and squirms and shudders. "Now don't think you get all the fun to yourself." He smirked before pulling his paw out and lined himself up, "Brace yourself." She panted as she takes a deep breath before nodding. Without a moment's hesitation, he slammed into her, "Yeesh, you're still pretty tight, guess that just means I'll have to fuck you more often." He joked, not stopping at rubbing her crest for a moment.
Paige gasped and shudders. She tries to speak, but a long moan gets out of it. He began to fairly quickly pound her, putting the paw he had in her pussy into her mouth so she could get a taste of her own juices. "Mmmph!.." she groaned as she can taste the sweet flavor. "Enjoy your own taste?" He leaned forward so he could keep pounding her while he moved to lick the crest, seeing what effect that would have. She murred as she started to lick his fingers with her slender tongue, feeling her pussy tightening around him. "Real horny, aren't you love?" He chuckled, licking again.
She hums softly as she continues licking as she relaxes to the pleasure. He moves his other paw off her crest and to her hips, allowing him to pound her somewhat faster. She started panting and moaning more and louder in response to the increase pace. "Enjoying it love?" He dragged his tongue along her crest a lot slower than before. She nods her head up and down slowly to answer him. "Well that's good." He smiled He slipped the paw out of her mouth as her panting is now in full volume. He felt her muscles squeezing him tighter now. "You about to cum?" She shuddered, "Y-yes, I'm close." She panted out.
Steven smiles and moves his paw to her face to see her red eyes. She smiled, "Never can get enough of me, can you?" "Your face just looks so delicate." He answers. "Maybe another time you might change that." She joked, quickly shuddering as she was extremely close, trying to hold back the orgasm. He noticed, smirking and licked the crest once more. Paige gasped as she looks at him "S-stop that." "No, it's fun listening to the noises you make." He licked it again.
Paige painted and cried out, climaxing as her juices covered Steven's shaft. "Enjoy it?" He joked, beginning to go faster, as he was nearing the edge now. "Of course." She said moaning. "Well get ready because I'm not gonna pull out this time!" He grabbed her hips and slammed completely into her. The knot sealed them together as she cries out, cumming again. Steven soon came as well, keeping as deep as possible inside her. She sighs from the warm liquid as she relaxed and let him fill her up. He let it all out into her, softly groaning at how it felt.
Paige and Steven panted as they catch their breath. "How was it dear?" Paige asked smiling. "I thought you'd already know the answer, love." He leaned over to kiss her. Paige Kisses him back, feeling him rub his paws over her body. He soon broke away, out of breath, and stared, "Best way to enjoy our first day married, don't you agree?" "Can't think of a way to make it better." She answers. He nodded, "How about we get some sleep now? That was tiring." "Sure... No argument here." "Yeah, one moment..."
He undid the belts on her arms and legs. She smiled as she rubs her arms "Thanks." "Of course, now let's get some sleep." He lay down next to her with a soft smile. Paige wraps one arm around him and brought her head close to his. He sighed, "I love you Paige." She smiles, "I love you too Steven." He softly kissed her, "Sleep well." She smiles as she embraces the comfort of her mate and sleep.


Blade(F Dewott) X Kat(F Gatomon)

Blade(F Dewott) X Kat(F Gatomon)
My first crossover story. The Dewott was playing at the beach when she met Kat, a easygoing Gatomon who wish to hang out with her.

* * *

It was clear sunny day with blue skies and warm weather. On the beach, a blue otter was standing up as she was holding a towel in her arms. She sighed as the seawater smelled fresh. Feeling comfortable, she lay the towel flat on the sand and lay on top of it, faculty up to the sky. She then slid her dark blue skirt-like fringe off of her. She sighs as she can feel the warm glow hitting her lower areas now. "So nice today." The sun's warm light was heating up her crotch. "Maybe a bit too hot~." She lets out a soft giggle as it tingles.
Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted when she heard a ecstatic meow nearby. She got up and looked around for the source of the meow. She then saw a white cat-like creature with sky-blue eyes and a purple-striped tail. 'Who is she? I never seen anyone like her before.' The Dewott wondered about her so she decided to get her attention.. At the shallow part of the ocean. She waded into the water till it reached her waist. She shudder at how surprisingly cold the water was.
She tried to catch her breath as she moves to approach the feline, and then she splashed a bit of water at her. The cat giggles from the cold water and proceeds to splash some back by joining the Dewott in the water. The blue otter giggles at the creature and started a water fight with the feline, trying to make big waves at her with her arms, then the white cat got the jump on her! She was able to catch her, but the impact still sent her down. The Dewott eeped and splashed down in the water, her bare body being touched by another.
She shakes her shock out of her and looked at her. "Hey what's with that?" "Just a little fun between you and me~!" The white cat answered. The Dewott shakes the water off her face and pushes her off to get up. She then decides to get her towel and place it next to the cat's. "Nice to meet you. My name is Blade." The dewott greeted. "A pleasure~... I'm Kat~! I'm a Gatomon~" The Gatomon introduced the same. "Gatomon? Hm, a strange name for a pokemon. I'm a Dewott." "Well, I'm a Digimon." Kat corrected.
"Digimon?" Blade asked sounding confused. "We're entirely different from you. Digimon is short for Digital Monsters. We're kinda like living organic data or something like that." She explained. "Interesting. Well, I'm called a pokemon, like what you're called, it's short for pocket monsters. We're more organic, like real." "Well, we're kinda real too~! I feel alive and whatnot." "Sorry if I sounded mean or anything like that. It was hard explaining it." Blade apologize. "That's okay." Kat forgave. "By the way... You weren't always a..?" "Always what?" "What kind of Pokemon are you now?" "A water type. Second evolution." "Oh. And the name of the Pokemon? Also, your previous form and what you'll become next?" Angel specified. "My pre-evolution is called Oshawott and my final evolution is called Samurott." She answers. "Hmm... Do you change back and forth?" Kat asked out of curiosity.
Blade shakes her head. "Evolution is permanent for a pokemon. Do you?" Blade asked. "I can change back if I want to or if I use up a lot of energy. It's sorta like switching ages." Kat said, showing drawing pictures of herself as a Salamon, Gatomon and Angewomon. "Sigh... Lucky you." Blade said solemnly to Kat. She looks at the otter in confusion, "What do you mean?" "You get to change back into your younger self, but I can't..." "True, but you can maintain your strength and form all the time, I have to revert back." Kat pointed out. "Thanks, I guess~" Blade happily and half-heartedly accepted.
Blade got up, "I had a lot of fun today Kat. Hope to see you again." she prepares to leave. "Where are you going?" "Probably home or to a spa to wash off the saltwater." she said. "What a coincidence~! I was going to a spa myself~!" Kat chimed. "Mind if I join in~?" Blade was surprised at the coincidence, but nods her head. "I don't mind." The Gatomon smiled and came along with her. The two walk together as they headed down the path to the spa. "H-Hey... Random question..." Kat asked. "Do you always love being naked? I mean, you're not wearing a towel like me~" "Well.. I do wear a skirt like fringe most of the time..." she looks away a bit. "But I'm do like being bare." "Me too~" Kat giggled, looking at her un-gloved paws.
Blade noticed the paws and white fur. 'Looks soft.' Kat purred seductively to her as they reached their destination. There were a few female Pokemon and Digimon in the spa. "Excuse me, do you have a private soap bath?" Kat asked the spa operator. "Oh, yes. It's in this small but roomy bamboo-like room. Soundproof too." "Thanks." The feline smiles, though Blade looks at her. "Why you wanna private soap bath? Oh, a little shy bathing with people watching?" Blade asked teasingly. "Mmm~... Maybe a quick catwalk in front of all these ladies, then we take our private bath~?" Kat offered, striking a sexy pose.
Blade blushes a bit from the pose, but giggled. "Suit yourself." They then went to the public area where all the girls are just to show off themselves. 'Wow, she's rather excited to be doing this.' Blade thought out in embarrassment. She at first kept herself covered, but then decided to wink to tease the audience. She would tilt to the side and gave viewers a smile and quick winks to them. They stared in awe, but then try to peek at the parts she didn't cover up, making her eep and cover that exposed part up until the other part is exposed and she has to cover that up.
Kat noticed this and let out a quiet giggle, "I think we can hit the bath now." she said starting to walk towards the bath. "Yay~!" Blade cheered and jumped for joy, unknowingly revealed her entire nude body in front of the audience.
The viewers whistled and cheered as Blade quickly covered her parts, feeling her face heat up. 'My face must be bright at this point.' she thought moving in a quicken pace. They soon went in their private place, which the bath was pretty big for a compact area. "Wow, this place looks nice." Blade said looking around. "Mmhm~! Want me to wash your back~?" Kat offered, touching Blade's back with hers. "Um.. Yeah sure." she said setting into the pleasantly warm water. "Good~! After wetting yourself, stand up and then sit on the surface floor so I can rub your back~!"
Blade nods as she took some soapy water in her hands and washed her upper body thoroughly. Seeing herself ready, she moved and sat up for Kat to rub better. "Okay, don't be too hard." "I'll be gentle." she said sweetly as her paws were on the otter's back. "Mmh~!" Blade shuddered as she felt her gentle paws. 'It feels slightly embarrassing~...' Blade thought as her back tickled a bit from Kat's rubbing. Blade sighed as they went up and down her back. She closes her eyes to relax to the washing, and starts to daydream, but her daydream was interrupted when she felt her butt being touched.
She gasped as she turn to see Kat behind her. "What are you doing?" The Gatomon just giggled and licked her cheek, squeezing her butt a bit. "H-hey, that's not how you wash like that." she stutters blushing a bit. "In my point of view, yes, it is~" Kat said, kissing Blade's cheek. She let out a blush as she felt the kiss, feeling rather embarrassed right now. "I-I... Um..." Blade could not find the right words for what just happened. "P-please stop." she stutters hoping she would. "Why~? Your legs are spreading themselves~" Kat pointed out.
Blade looks down and stops them and closes them, "N-no they're not!" she cries out. Kat smirked as her long tail had snaked to between Blade's hips. "Haa~! Stop that!" she cried out trying to get her tail out. But it tickled as her slit felt the fluffy tip of it. Her body trembles as she moan softly. Kat then embraces Blade, holding her arms in place. The Gatomon even wrapped her legs around on the Dewott's hips. Blade gasped as she felt her body being held and turned towards Kat. "What's the meaning of this?" "Just a little masturbation~... I AM an angelic kitty after all~!" "M-masturbation?... I-I didn't asked for it." she said intending to move, but felt her body paralyzed.
Kat then had them lie down, still holding Blade. "Well~..." She said, inserting her tail inside Blade's pussy. "Ngh~..." she slightly gasped and giggled a bit, feeling the fluffy bits inside her."Care to tell me if you had done this before~?" Kat seductively asked. "Come on, be honest with the Angel giving you love~..." Blade shudders at the seductively sweet tone, "I...I had males before, but- but not females." she spoke before really thinking."I said be honest~" Kat said, swirling her tail tip left and right like a brush in her labia. "Ahh~. What do you mean?" she gasped out feeling the featherly tip tickle her.
Kat strokes Blade's sides. "I can sense you're lying~... Surely you must have done other females, right~?" "Ack!" she felt the tail move back and forth in her slowly "Mrrm~... Eco~... Dyna~... Ohhh~..." Blade admitted, moaning as she felt close. "P-P-Petalll~!" She cries out as she felt liquid spilling through her pussy and out of her folds. Kat smirked as she lets her tail get the juices from in and out before pulling it out, she then showed her tail to Blade and it was dripping with her love juices.
Blade blushes as she can smell her fragrance as she looks at he cat in confusion. "Taste it~" Kat moves her tail towards Blade's mouth and waited for her. Blade hesitated for a moment and then she licked it a bit. She shudders from the sweet and aquatic flavor and sighs. "Need some water to bathe in~?" Kat offered, directing her head to the hot spring in their private bath. "Y-yeah but...Um.. can you let me go first?" "Mind if I carry you~?" Blade blushes, "No I don't mind."
Kat smiled and lifted her up before placing her in the warm waters. Blade sighs in comfort as the water soaked her got in and offered. "Well, my pretty~... Would you like more love from this Angel kitty~?" She said, kissing Blade's cheek. Blade blushes as she looks at the cat's soft, gentle smile. "What else you can do~?" "Mm~... Some teasing~" Kat then runs her paw against Blade's pussy. "Mmm~." Blade moans from the sensitive pussy twitching in arousal. Aug 16Her short tail was even wagging at the pleasurable feeling. "Kat... can you massage my pussy more... please?" she asked embarrassed. "As you wish~" She accepted and massaged Blade's vagina more firmly.
She moans and nuzzles Kat's neck softly with her head. Blade decides to let herself go as she spread her legs wide. She wraps her arms around the kitty's waist, stroking it. "So... soft~." She sighed as she started going down her butt. She can hear Kat purring louder as her hands started stroking the rump. The Gatomon then has Blade nuzzle her breasts. "Hmm..." Kat murrs from the feeling as she thought about their previous session. "That last name as you climaxed... Petal~." "Sh-She's my girlfriend~..." Blade admitted. "Your girlfriend? Aww, so sweet." Kat licked the otter's neck affectionately. "Mmm~... Kiss my pussy with yours~..!" Blade moaned at the moist rough feeling.
Kat complies and pushes her waist against it. Blade moans as she felt her vaginal lips kiss hers. "You seeing anyone?" Blade asked. "No, why~?" Kat asked, rubbing her vagina up-and-down against Blade's. "Curious, I expected a pretty kitty like you to be seeing someone~. Hahh~." She moans out in pleasure. "Well~... I already am~ You~!" Kat answered, thrusting her pussy hard, pressing the pussy-kiss more firmer. "I-I meant dating someone." She pointed out. "It's you~!" Kat answered truthfully.
The Dewott blinked. "Huh? Wait what~?" Blade asked not getting what she's saying. "I was pretending to be on that beach out of nowhere. I am an angel from the skies after all~!" Kat said. "Wait, so that incident was because..?" "I just wanted to get your attention~" Blade blushes at the information and chuckled embarrassed. "I am here to make you experience the ecstatic love of an angel~" Kat said, stroking Blade's cheeks. Blade couldn't help but smile at the words. "You flattered me Kat~." "Thank you, she who will feel the angelic pleasures of the Heavens~!" Kat said ominously, grinding her pussy in a rhythm.
Blade let out a squeal of pleasure and held onto Kat, "Please, I'm in need of a blessing~." She murmurs out. Kat smirks and embraces the Dewott lovingly, moving her entire body up-and-down to rub her pussy and nipples against Blade's Blade shudders and moans, embracing the sweet angelic pleasure. Kat smiled and kisses Blade's neck, licking it as well as she makes quick teasing smooches. Blade moans in bliss as she felt the rough tongue, stroking the cat's back.
As this happens, she felt the cat's mouth slowly move up her neck. "Aagh~..!" Blade mewled as she felt her soft tickly lips. It reached her cheek and still moved upwards. The Gatomon then kisses her passionately. Blade kisses her back, wrestling her tongue. They both wrestled each other's tongues, breasts and vaginas. Blade pushes back and rubbed the feline's nipples, with her own, making both erect.
They're in equal strength, but then Kat started glowing a holy light. Blade gasped and closed her eyes to shield them from the brightness. She then felt a surge of pleasure from Kat. She gasp and moans loudly. "Aah~! Th-This holy light..! It feels so... Amazing~!" Blade moaned, feeling the intense pleasure from her light. She felt the desire for release building within herself. "Let it out Blade~... Show me your love and affection~." Kat said in a soft, loving tone. Blade nodded and screamed out in pure ecstasy, cumming her creamy juices out of her labia and pussy.
Her body felt like it was struck by lightning as she spasms through the orgasm. Kat smiled and meows softly as she cums as well, yet she didn't become exhausted as Blade, who was panting heavily after she finishes. "So, my beloved cutie~ How was the love of an angel from me~?" Kat asked as she hugged and nuzzled Blade. Blade smiled and hugged back. "It was nothing I've ever experienced." She answered sweetly. Kat smiled and noticed her yawning a bit. "I better get home." Blade murmurs as she tries to get out before falling asleep. Kat smiled and licked her cheek. "Let me help you~"
Kat helped by getting out and helping her out the spring soon got out and got noticed by some bystanders who giggled and blew a kiss at them. They then decided to give them one last show, even though Blade was tired. "Can you last for one more round~?" Kat asked. "O-Only when you're masturbating me from behind~..." Blade nodded, blushing excitedly but nervously about being molested in front of public. "Don't be surprised if you get penetrated." She teases. She giggles as Kat lays her on her belly on top.
She then embraces Blade from behind like earlier and they both sat down, showing the Dewott's exposed body in front of the crowd. "Ta-da~..!" "Khheee~!" She shrieked and tried to cover her breast, but her arms were restrained from behind by Kat. The crowd cheered in a frenzy as some started taking pictures or record. "H-Hey, no. No pictures." Blade calls out looking at them. "Kat, say something~!" "Zoom in as close as you like~!" Kat merely chuckled, making Blade cry in humiliation and then felt something slithering around her nether regions and looked down. "Huh?" The Dewott saw it was the Gatomon's tail teasing her pussy.
Blade's face reddens as she looks at the feathered end. "Wait, no~! Stop~!" She cries out. The feathery tips started tickling her folds, making them moist with her pre. "Stop~! Someone help~!" She cries out in mock distressed, tears running down her cheek. Kat smiled and pressed the tip of her tail against Blade's pussy. Blade begs for her not that, anything but that. "N-no, not that~! Anything but that~!" She cries out trying to get away, but then she felt Kat's tail thrust its way through her labia!
Blade let out a gasp as she felt the tail go though her folds, rubbing her inner walls. "N-Noo~... Not there~..!" Blade weeped as she felt the feathery parts brushing her labia around inside. "Why not? You're squeezing me snugly~." She commented. "Though~... Your tail feels nice around my slit too~" Kat winked, feeling Blade's wagging flappy otter tail. Blade blushed as she didn't realize it during the commotion. "Th-That can't be~..." She pretended to deny it, but her tail and butt felt Kat's wetness from behind. "Don't you feel me wet down there?" She teases licking her blue cheek.
The Dewott felt hotter around her cheeks as she tries to look away with closed eyes. Blade was keeping up the mock submissive denial as she started to prod her own tail from behind in Kat's pussy. 'Gotta endure... Don't let her get to you.' she thought and slowly inserted her tail in Kat's pussy from behind. Kat started to purr as she smiled a bit. "Oh? Deciding to go along with the fun~?" Blade just moaned and shook her head, pretending to struggle out of Kat's grasp. Kat giggled as she moves to tickle the otter's nipples.
Blade blushes deep and tries not to giggle. "Come on, be honest with yourself." "I..." She started out. She then kept wiggling her otter tail inside Kat's labia. "Yes?" Kat asked waiting for the expected words. "I want to cum~... With you~..!" The Dewott admitted. The feline smiles as she soon increased her pace in the otters labia. Blade squeals as she does the same. Blade shudders, nearing her limit. The audience looked in awe but kept quiet, not wanting to make some sort of scene. "Okay, let's see if you like this~!" Blade shoved her tail in as deep as she could.
Kat then moaned as she felt her tail go in like a cock. "Like it~? Well how's this~?" Blade squirms around Kat's grip, then grabbed Kat's breast and started squeezing. "Oooh~!" Kat mewled at her touch. They continued to tease each other until they're close to cumming. 'Time to make the cat squirt first for a change~!' she started thrusting and squeezing harder. 'Nyaah~! Not gonna give up~!' Kat said as she replaced her finger with her tail. "Y-yaiiee~!" Blade yelped as she felt the feathery tip rub her insides. 9Both girls screamed out in pleasure as their tails thrust into both their pussies.
It brought them a intense orgasm as they cried out. Their cum fluids splashed on the floor as their moaned like babes. The crowd cheered and woot at the scene. The girls panted as they were feeling exhausted. "Okay... Now are you satisfied~?" she asked the cat. "Mmhm~" Kat nodded as she collapsed. Blade slowly got up and helped Kat up too. "Thanks for the spa trip Kat~. I had fun~." she smiled. "Your welcome, Blade~!" "I need to get going, but first~..." she grabbed Kat and kissed her fiercely and passionately.
Kat was surprised, but gave in and returned her love. Blade separated, "Thought I give you a surprise for a change. Can we meet again?" Kat smiled and tickled Blade's chin. "I'll be sure to call you~" "Come by and visit us when you have the time. Petal, Eco and Dyna will be fun." Blade smiles. "Thanks~, but I've only eyes on you~" Kat chuckles and licks her cheek. "Aww, love at first sight~?" Blade asked teasingly. Kat nodded and glowed a bright light. "Huh? Kat what's going on?" she said covering her eyes. "I'm digivolving." She replied.
Blade stared in wonder as Kat's form changed, becoming more humanoid and wing starting to appear on her back. Kat, now an Angewomon, leaned in and kissed Blade before flying off, leaving behind white feathers falling. The Dewott blushes as she picked a feather up. She smiles as she started to head on home. 'I hope I can meet her again soon... Such a sweet angel kitty~.'

* * *

I'm posting this in both partners since it involves each other, so no comments in regards of seeing them in both stories.


Aqua X H Liepard

Aqua X H Liepard
Aqua decided to enter a sexual tournament earlier and gets her first shot as a submissive challenger.

* * *

Aqua had grown a bit and was wearing a orange skintight, skimpy string bikini. She even shaved so her body skin felt smooth and sensitive for her training to participate in Daisy's sex tournament as a submissive challenger. She turned to her mother, Blade. "Is this cute enough for the tournament~?" The Samurott smiled and licked her daughters lips. "I'm sure they will let you completely nude in it after training~" She winked. Aqua smirks and teases, "I bet you're looking forward for that moment~." "Meh, I'll just watch while Daisy prepares you~!" Blade chimed, tickling Aqua's crotch area.
Aqua grinned as she started to stroke her mother's breast, but Blade stopped her. "Shouldn't we register you now, Sweetie~?" "One more thing~." Aqua chimed before kissing Blade suddenly. Blade smiled and kisses her daughter back lovingly. Aqua separated, "Needed the morale boost. Thank you, mommy~!" She chimed, a drop of drool was at her mouth from their kiss. Blade smiled, "Sure dear." Aqua then entered Daisy and co's home and looked around, but they don't see anyone here. All of a sudden, they heard a voice calling out to Aqua. "Come closer, little girl~... Let my vines grab you to your seat~"
Aqua blushes and moved forward cautiously. She then felt a couple vines wrap around her arms and lifted her to a table-like bed area. She felt herself being laid in her back as she looked around. She then sees Daisy and co surround her. All of them looking at her with smiles on their faces. "Hello little Aqua~." Daisy, their leader greeted. "Hi, Miss Daisy~!" Aqua said. Mika, a orange Florges, giggle as she moves a bouquet right arm to her face. "Aww, you look so cute?" Violet and Sunny then see Blade watching and masturbating so they decided to let Daisy, Mika and Rose prepare Aqua.
Aqua looks at the three of them coming to her, "So how will this work?" "Lay on your back and lift one leg up~" Rose suggested dirtily. Aqua blushes as she does what she's told. "Good~ Now let's examine your body with a little teasing~" Daisy said before stretching the parts of her swimsuit by between her hips. "I see your vagina is like a cute little pink sprout~" "H-hey, hold on now." she flinches from the touch. "Hm~?" Daisy asked before letting go of the piece of fabric which slapped at Aqua's pussy, making her wet and yelp at the stinging feeling. "Kyah! What was that for~?" she gasped out. "A little stimulation~" Daisy answer and did the same thing again, pulling the pussy part of Aqua's string bikini like a slingshot band and letting it go, slapping/whipping at her vagina, making her wet and sting a bit. "Aie~..." she cried out as tears started to form a bit from the mixure of pain and pleasure. "S-stop it~." Daisy kept repeating the same method until Aqua came, screaming out.
Aqua can see her fluids leaking out on the table like bed and blushed. "Oooh~... You came already~? You're so cute~!" Daisy and the others giggle. Aqua pouted and looked at Daisy. "That was not necessary~!" "Aw, but it was~! Now, how about we get you out of these clothes~?" Daisy said, tugging the pieces of fabric again. "Or do you want me to make you squeal again~?" She seductively threatened. Aqua squeaked a bit from the tone. "Go commando please~?" she said shaking. Daisy smirked and peeled the swimsuit off of Aqua.
They then got the grooming tools for Aqua. "Now~... Let's groom you 'til your body is as sensitive to even a single small poke~." "Groom me?" she asked looking confused. "There's still some little fur on you even at your pubic area~" Rose said, holding a safety razor. "Don't worry, cutie~ It won't hurt a bit, especially when we apply mint coconut oil on you after shaving~" Mika said, rubbing her hands with massaging oil. "Uh... I thought it would look cute with some fur~." she blushes. "Your skin is white, isn't it?" Daisy pointed out, jerking off. "Yes, but I like the fur~." Aqua said smiling. "It's part of you registering as an Oshawott~" Rose said, applying some shaving cream on Aqua's small fur parts. "I... I suppose... and It'll grow back someday." she said shrugging her head. "Don't worry, hon~! You won't have to shave when you evolve into a Dewott~" Rose assured as she started shaving carefully and gently.
She blushes as she tries to stay still as much as possible to not make any mistakes. It felt strange as her skin started to feel a cool smooth breeze. "Um... you done?" she asked blushing. "Aaannnd... There~! All finished~!" Rose chimed before wiping Aqua with a wet cloth around her shaved parts. "Well, cutie~... How does it feel now~?" "Feel's a bit chilly down there honestly~." she answers. "Well, trust us~! It's gonna get chillier~!" Mika chimed, having finished rubbing her hands with the mint coconut massaging oil. "What is that for?" she asked.
Mika responded by rubbing Aqua's body all over with the oil. "You'll feel it soon enough~..." And after a few seconds, Aqua felt a strange cool feeling around her body when the oil was applied. "W-wow, that feel's pretty nice." she said feeling herself starting to relax. The scent of mint and coconut hit her nose. Her body shudders from the cool, pleasant smell. As well as the cool minty feeling, especially around her private parts. Her nipples erecting and her pussy folds opening. Aqua looked at them and blush at the small nubs.
She then saw Daisy applying the same oil on her member. "Um... What are you doing?" she asked the white one. "Get ready for your initiation, Aqua~" Daisy said, opening the little Oshawott's vaginal lips. "So, you'll be the one who'll initiate me?" she blushes. Daisy nodded as she makes a swift thrust in Aqua's pussy and simultaneously yelled out. "YES~!" Aqua yelped out as she felt Daisy's cock slipped into her pussy. It was snug as she gave her cherry to her sister, but very good "Ah~! S-So... Big~!" Aqua chimed out as the minty-cool feeling started to kick in around her labia. "Mama, was she like this with you~?" she asked moaning.
Blade was being thrusted in her pussy and ass by Violet and Sunny. "Y-Yes~... But with all of her sisters~...!" Aqua blushes as she look at all of them, 'Will that happen to me as well~?' "Only when you're a Samurott with great sexy experience~" Aqua widens as she looked up, 'How you know I was thinking about it?' Aqua was then interrupted by the bulging feeling in her labia as Daisy's cock was big. "Ahh~." she moans and pants from the size. "S-so big~." "M-My pussy feels like it has engulfed a large meal~!" She shuddered.
Daisy smiled at the words, then pull out of the little one's pussy, before cumming on the little Oshawott since her tightness made her feel close already. "Hahh... why?" asked Aqua shaking from the teasing feeling. "Because it's almost time for your first match~" Daisy said and then getting some tight unbreakable rope for Aqua's arms and legs. "But first, since you chose to be a submissive challenger, you'll need the proper 'outfit' for that position~" "Outfit? I'm already wearing one~." she pointed out. "Are you joking with me or do you mean your swim suit~?" "My swimsuit." she said holding it up.
Daisy giggled and snapped her fingers for Blade to come near Aqua with her seamitars equipped. "Uh... Wait, don't tear them." She pointed out. "We know~, we're simply asking you to put them away, sweetheart~" Blade said before discarding her blades. Aqua made a nervous sweatdrop as she said , "Oh yeah, how could I not see it?" 'It's because you were taking your seamitars out.' Aqua thought as to answer her question. "Hold on, it's okay. You CAN still wear your swimsuit." Daisy said to Aqua. "Huh?" Both Aqua and Blade asked at the same time. "Just enter the tournament, you've already an opponent waiting for you."
Aqua was confused as the vines let go of her, but shrugs as she put her swimsuit on and headed off to the direction Daisy pointed to. "Oh, hold on! You need to be tied up and laid down first!" Daisy said, showing the ropes. "Oh, okay." Aqua then placed her arms behind her, at her back so the Florges can tie up her arms. She turns around and felt her arms being tied together tight, but not uncomfortable.
They would've tied her legs up, but Aqua is helpless to her dominating opponent anyway. "Alright then, go and meet her." she said patting the otter's back. Aqua nodded and went to the door, which closed behind her as soon as she entered! She looked back and tested the door, but it wouldn't open no matter what she 17Just then, she heard a seductive growl behind her and saw who it was. It was rather dark, but she can point out a creature on all fours moving the her with yellow eyes. It was a Liepard and she was staring at Aqua naughtily, licking her lips seductively.
Aqua can hear the cheers from around her and saw that there's a audience around them. "Uh..." She blushed as she sees an audience of Pokemon. When she got a closer look, she can see her sisters up there somewhere. "Even them? They all here for us?" she asked surprised and embarrassed. She even sees her mother. 'H-How did she get up there so quickly?' She turns towards the Liepard who grins a lustful predator grin. "Um... hello?" The Liepard chuckled as she showed off her claws near between the legs of Aqua's swimsuit. "Hey wait, don't tear them. This is my favorite!" she cried out, hoping she doesn't. "Hmph~ Don't worry, cutie~!" The Liepard then slapped Aqua to the ground with her tail.
Aqua gasped as she fell on her front when the tail hit her back. She then felt the straps from her chest and between her legs being pulled. "Yahh~!" she gasped out from the feeling as she look towards the feline. The Liepard giggled darkly as her claws tore through the fabric a bit, making Aqua yelp and the crowd cheer. "H-hey, I said no tearing~!" she said shuddering. "Oh, this isn't tearing, it's ripping~!" Liepard chimed as she ripped off Aqua's swimsuit completely, leaving the Shiny Oshawott entirely nude! "Yyiiee! I didn't want them ripped either!" She cried out.
Aqua was completely naked so the crowd were in a cheery frenzy. 'Gee they're so excited.' She thought then saddened at the sight of her ripped swimsuit. 'Hope they can repair it or I can find the same one.' Aqua was then interrupted by a pair of moist lips against her pussy folds! She gasped as she turned to see the liepard's face at her rear. The Liepard delicately kissed Aqua's pussy, much to her embarrassment. She moans and squirms in her position.
"Augh~! What are you doing? Why are you doing this?" Aqua asked, squirming as she tried not to give in to pleasure. "You're new to this Huh? This tournament has us sexing and pleasuring each other until one faints. The dominator, me for instance, sexes the submissioner, which is you." "B-But...! How am I supposed to beat you...?" Aqua stutters from unwilling pleasure, not understanding how a submissioner is supposed to win. "The submissioner must endure the pleasure long enough for the dominator to faint from exhaustion." she explains purring on Aqua's crotch. "B-But... You're just licking me~...!" Aqua whimpered. "Aww, is it not enough~? I'll do more than~." She said as She moved away and climbed over her.
Aqua shivered, likely knowing what she might do next. The Liepard probing her entrance with the tip of her penis. Aqua squealed as she felt the tingly feeling. "Aie~...! You're kinda thick...!" "Sorry, but you can only lay there and take it... and love it~." she whispered seductively in her ear. "Urk...! I-I'm gonna cum... And lose...!" Aqua whimpered as she felt close. "Come on Aqua! You can do it!" a voice rose out from the crowd. "H-Huh...?" Aqua weakly opened her eyes to see a Chikorita calling out to her. "Don't give up! You can win this!" she calls out. "B-But... I'm about to..." Aqua tries to say but Petal reassures. "Just try to stay awake even after cumming once or twice!"
Aqua winced, but tried to hold back by thinking other things. "I'll try." She thought about the things she had done with her mother and sisters. Wanting to keep away from pleasuring thoughts, she remembers them playing together. "Mmm~... Mommy~... Sis~..." Aqua mewled as she squirted a bit. 'No, I will hold on... For them.' She thought determined. Liepard then thrusted in faster, which makes it more exhilarating for Aqua's body.
She panted as she tried to breathe as calmly as she can. "Nice try, but I'm not as weak as I look~." "Oh~? Are you~?" Liepard asked as she started to thrust in fiercely, holding nothing back. "Aahh~! Do you always go like this. Or is my body that alluring~?" She asked teasingly. "No~... It's because you're so small and cute~!" She teased and chuckled mockingly. "A little Submissioner like you, challenging me to become the sexy champion~? How charmingly clueless of you~!" "I like to call it, aiming to high places." She winks at the cat. "Hmph~! You realize you're about to cum~... And only if you pass out even after no matter how many orgasms~!" Liepard said as she kept thrusting in and out to the point she was about to blow her load in Aqua. "Are you saying that about me. Or you mean yourself~?" "Why not cum and find out~?!" Liepard said, using her tail on Aqua's member.
"Why not you? I can feel you quivering in my pussy and you feels so big. I wanna know how your cream feels. Please~?" She asked looking cutely. "Aw~... Ain't you a cutie~? Only if you cum first~!" Aqua groaned as she feels the need to release, 'Come on... Please cum.' Liepard kept thrusting in and out but held it as strong as she can. Aqua was about to reach her limit when she heard a loud meow coming out over her. She then look to see the Liepard cried out as she starts to spilled her seed into Aqua. Who moaned out softly and came herself.
They were panting a bit as they look at each other. "Not too bad otter~." Liepard huffed as she started thrusting inside her again. "Ahh, Mmm." She moans as she tried to resist. Calming her mind. Aqua panted as she felt her pussy getting creamed. 'Calming thoughts...Calming thoughts...' she repeated in her head but her head was full of sexual fun and ecstatic love. 'This isn't helping.' Aqua started to squirm from under her. 'If she wants a cumming cutie, I'll give her one~!' Aqua thought and moaned out loud, pretending to submit to Liepard. Even panting and shuddering to her amusement.
Liepard smirked, thinking she was winning. "Well the little otter decides to show her true colors~? "Aah~! It feels so good~!" Aqua mewled out cutely. The Liepard grins answer purrs, licking the water types skin. "Nyaah~..!" Aqua made, sticking her tongue out. Aqua shudders as she felt the tongue run over it and the cat started to thrust faster. Suddenly, Aqua feels her crotch spraying out from time to time. 'Ngh... Maybe pretending to feel submissive was a stretch.' she thought as she felt juices leak out. 'But... I can still stay awake~..!' Aqua thought, her eyelids blinking repeatedly. She gotten an idea and tried to lessen her breathing a bit to control herself.
Aqua attempts to hold the pleasure in as the Liepard keeps licking her neck. The Oshawott trembled as she does felt a little more calmer. She then decided to relax and let the Liepard futilely tire her tongue out. Said feline was feeling a little winded from constantly moving her tongue. The Liepard soon felt exhausted, her eyelids drooping. "Getting... tired~..." the feline mutters out. Aqua took this chance to tighten her labia. That got the feline purring as she started to nibble Aqua's neck. Aqua moaned as she went down to her nipples.
The Oshawott's paw gripped into a fist as she strives to endure the pleasure. She can hear the audience above them cheer out, causing her to blush. 'Boy... I'm going to be the talk of the village for a while.' Aqua thought embarrassed as a few were taking pictures or recording. 'I might become popular pretty soon.' She couldn't help but smile at that thought. She soon felt a jolt of pleasure build up, almost getting the feeling to climax. 'Gotta hang on... until she collapses.' she thought as she breathed carefully. Liepard soon felt like she couldn't take it anymore... So she cried out as loud as she could as she spilled every thing she had into Aqua.
She then collapsed and Aqua made a mini-orgasm after that. The Liepard purrs as she whispered in Aqua's ear, "You're pretty good... for a little cutie~." "Th-Thanks~..!" Aqua panted, blushing deeply. The leopard closed her eyes and fell asleep, holding Aqua rather snugly. The audience swooned at the scene. "Well everyone, it seems that the little newcomer pulled it off~. I always loved when the underdog prevails~." Daisy appeared and announced. Aqua smiled as she asked, "Thanks... can you unbind me now?" Daisy smiled and carried Aqua like a baby as she does so. "Um... I can walk you know." she said embarrassed being held like that.
Aqua was then muffled as Daisy pressed her breast against her face. "Hey, too big~!" Aqua muffled, but Daisy just walked out of the ring, carrying her in her arms. When they entered the lobby, Blade and the other's arrived. Aqua was handed to Blade who embraced her tightly. "H-how did I do Mom~?" she asked. "Very amazing, sweetie~... And so cute~!" Blade chimed. "Mommy~..." Aqua said, embarrassed. She felt a vine wrap around her waist and found it was Hana, who was beaming a smile at her. "I knew you could do it~!"
Aqua smiled as she felt her vine go down to her vag. "Hey, sis, I just got through a match~!" she said giggling. Aqua felt ticklish in her pussy and Hana's vine wiggled inside. "M-maybe just a little... for you~." Aqua stuttered. Hana giggled as she has her other vine rub against her own pussy. "Okay, time to go home~." Petal said. "Nuh uh! First we're buying my favorite swimsuit first!" Aqua pointed out. "Huh, but you're winded~." Daisy teased, "And we're hoping for more fun at home." Blade nuzzled. "No, I liked that swimsuit, but it got torn because you didn't stop it." Aqua pouted at Daisy. Blade giggled. "Alright, we'll get that squimsuit for you, my little spoil princess~." she said as they all walk.
Everyone nodded, until Daisy stopped them as she was holding a medal. "You forgot this~." she smiled as she places the medal over Aqua's head. Aqua got a good look at it and her eyes widened in awe. "Th-thank you." she said smiling. "Don't mention it, cutie shell~!" Daisy winked as they left.
Panting breaths can be heard through a cave as a Fairy/Psychic type runs through the dim area. She is scared, she doesn't know what hides in the shadows, that someone is after her. She keeps running through the pathway, hoping to escape her pursuer and find the exit of the cave. The only thing she can think is her best friend, Fire. She reached a crossroad and looked at different paths. "Ohh... which way should I go?" After a quick look around, she head right and she finds the exit, but the pursuer is there already.
She starts to cry. "P-please let me go!" she said timidly. "Not in a billion years." he replies holding her arms "I don't want this!" she says. "That's not your choice." he says, pushing her on her back. "Why you are doing this to me?" She says weakly. "You're very pretty, why wouldn't I do this?" he snickered as he position himself over her, though before anything happened, he was knocked away from her. "I think she is pretty too, but I wouldn't try to rape her." "Fire-kun is that you" fairy says whit teary eyes. "You ok fairy-chan?" "I'm alright." Fairy smiles, "I'm so happy you are here. Thank you." she says crying.
The Gallade got up and faced the fire type. "Who the hell are you?" "The delphox that protects the helpless, Fire Foxheart." "Why you are trying to rape her in first place?" He asks the gallade. "I saw her and I found her cute. I offered and she said no, I didn't want that." he pointed out. "So you decided to rape her, you are sick." they fight, with Fire winning with his giga impact attack. She panted and shakes her head to clear it of dust. Fire plants a kiss on her lips and carries her to his apartment.
Fairy blushes from the action as they reach his home. 'Where... where did that came from?' she thought. "The gallade is right you are cute." He places her on the bed and placed a blanket over her. "Now sleep my love, I will be here when you awake." Fairy blushes as he stroke her hear softly. 'Did he call me... his love?' she thought before she closed her eyes, and then she dreams about she and Fire getting married. Even having kids, two ralts and two fennikens. She wakes up in the morning, and she finds fire kissing her forehead, and then the lips.
Fairy blushes as she lays there, wondering what's going on, then she kisses him back. They then separated themselves. "Fire, what's going on?" "Fairy i need to tell you something, I love you." He confessed smiling. Fairy blushed red as she looked at him. "You... you do?" He nods. "Yes, ever since we are a fennekin and a ralts, I loved you with my whole heart." Fairy blushes, smiling warmly as she hugs him. "Fire... I.. I love you two... for a long time." Then Fire kisses her again, more passionate this kisses him back, hugging him and feeling the warmth of his body on her own.
He then slid his hands to her side, and move then to the breasts. "Haah." she smiled as she stroke his shoulders and back. Fire then proceeds to take off his black shirt, showing his muscles. His big strong muscles. The sight causes her to go red. Fire then takes off her dress and her panties, leaving her naked. Fairy looks downward bashfully, "Oh my..." Fire kisses her again, unzips his pants showing off his foxhood. She murrs as they entwine their tongues together. He lines his dick to her entrance and push it. Fairy gasped as he saw the tip of his cock slipped into her folds.
She winces in pain when Fire takes her virginity. She held on to Fire as she tries to endure the pain, tears running a bit. Fire gives her some licks in the face, to show his concern. "I'm gonna pull out, I see you are in pain." Fairy places her hands on his shoulders. "I'm okay, just give me a couple of minutes okay?" She asked trying to catch her breath. "Everything for you my love." She smiles as I tried to catch my breath and wait for the pain to go down. When the pain finally fades away she says "You can move now in full speed." "Lets go fairy." Fire then starts moving fast, both of the moaning in pleasure and bliss.
Fairy squeezed him tighter from the feeling, placing her head at his cheek. Fire was in world of pleasure, the only thing he can think is pleasure fairy. Fire begins to thrust faster and faster. The delphox and the gardevoir are moaning from all the pleasure they are getting. Fairy wanted to thank him in any way she could, so she reached to massage his shoulders. So did fire. "I have been waiting for this moment since i was a braixen." "I love you fairy." Fairy blushes and smiles. "I love you too Fire." she answers. "Keep going."
After 1 hour fire says "I gonna cum fairy, I'm gonna pull out." he said starting to move back. "No, inside... cum inside." she says loudly. "Really? You sure?" Fire asked. Fairy nods smiling sweetly. "Yes, I want your puppies." Fire strokes her hair. "Alright let's cum together." Fairy nods and groaned alongside fairy as they both reach their climax. Cum was overflowing from both pokemon. The two of them pant together as Fairy asked, "How did you fell in love with me?" "Remember when we first met in the kindergarten?, you was crying in the corner and I comfort you and all. You brush my fur and you kissed my forehead, I knew you are the one." "And you? Did you feel anything for me?" he asked.
Fairy "Well, I was feeling lonely at the time, I didn't have any friends growing up, but you.. you came to me and comforted me when no one else did. I never had anyone do something so nice to me before. As the years passed and we grew up, I developed feelings for you, but I never could get the courage to tell you. I just figured we would just be friends." Fairy stated. "And what you parents think about you being in love with a delphox?" "I told them, and they said I should tell you how I feel to you. But I was too scared." "I get it, now we can start a new life together."
The Gardevoir's face reddens at those words. "You mean... you want to be with me?" "Forever and ever my beautiful duel Type." "Fire... Me too." Fairy stated as she share a kiss with him, tears running down her eyes.
(On the wedding day.)
Fire was waiting at the dressing room for Fairy to finish preparing. He was so excited for today. "Fairy, are you okay in there?" he asked through the door.
"I am nervous." Fairy's voice spoke behind the door.
"There's no need to be nervous. I think you are beautiful, and I will always be here for you." he said reassuringly. Moments after he said that, he sees the door starting to open. Fairy appeared in a white wedding dress with a veil over her head. She looks at Fire, "How do I look?" "You are beautiful as ever." He said smiling. "Come on my dear, everybody is waiting." Fire says. The two hugged and went to their positions for the wedding. Fairy and Fire noticed a lot of people here. Some they recognized, like Blade, Petal, Aqua, Hana, Erin, May, Shade, Shine, Alyssa, Risi, etc. 'Wow. A lot of people came here for our marriage.' (If you can't tell. The guest are all characters from previous chapters in Pokepartners.)
"Hey there guys." Fire says to his friends. Everyone cheers at them as they headed to their positions. "I taught that guy everything he knows." Tsuka says "When did you do that?" Luna asked. "Remember when we got separated, I met him and we became best friends." Luna smiles as he nods as Millie the Sylveon smiles. "You look lovely Fairy. I wish the best for you two." "Thanks Millie." "Logan, wish me luck." Fire says. "Of course. Treat her well and show your love." Logan rubs Millie's neck. "Take us for example." "I will, thanks buddy."
They smile as Millie blushed from her brother's teasing. "Also, get the nurse ready, somebody is gonna faint." fire says pointing to the crossdresing nidoking. Said poison type blushes from being noticed. The two reached the altar as the Sororal Priest started speaking. "Fire Foxheart, do you accept Fairy Gleaming as your wife?" Says the sororal priest. "I do." "And do you, Fairy Gleaming, take Fire Foxheart to be your lawful husband?" "I do." "Wait!" somebody says. "Oh fuck it's that guy again." Fire says. They and everyone else turn to see a Gallade at the entrance of the church. "Who?" asks Shellz. "Remember that Gallade story that I told you, it's him."
Fajry shudders as she recognizes her attacker. "Wh-why are you here?" "To take you back." Fairy and Fire stare at the Gallade in complete shock. "WHAT!?" they all said. "To take you back." Fairy stares at her male counterpart. "Are you nuts?! You chased me and tried to rape me!" "Let's do it guys!" Fire says. He pushes a gamer drivers from kamen rider ex aid, night puts the ghost driver, shelzz puts his sengoku driver and logan puts his faiz gear on. And they transform into ex aid, ghost, gaim and faiz. The Gallade takes his Gamer driver and activated it as well.
All the wife's had their mouth's wide open at the witness of the husband's transformation. "Shellz, you didn't tell me you are a rider?" Ivy says. "Why did you guys not tells us?" Millie says with teary eyes. "Why keep this a secret?" Luna asked covering her mouth to don't scream. "Those are the rules." Night says with a serious voice. "Rules?" they asked. "It's better like that." says Logan. "What rules?" the females asked. "It's to keep the citizens safe." they explain. The females are still upset, but they decide to pursue this later.
The males decided to give them the quick version. "1 rule: A rider must never reveals his real persona in public, but only if nescesary!" Fire says. "2 rule: A rider must protect every Pokémon!" Shellz explains. Now Gallade is transformed in to proto ex aid lv 3 "We are 2 levels above you!" Fire says transforming in to ex aid lv 5, Nights becomes infinity soul, Shellz changes in to fruit basket, and Logan activates his blaster form. The Gallade flinches a bit at the scene before him. "Amazing!" says Marie the snivy. "I gotta say this is pretty cool." May the Luxray said. "Mistress we should run!" says the Nidoking "No, I wanna see how this goes." Nidoqueen says. "Going somewhere purple bitch?!" Gallade says.
He trembles a bit, but Nidoqueen stepped in front of the Gallade. "Stay away from him!" she said getting ready for a fight. "Ex aid dragon armor is so awesome!"says Mela. "Oooh, I hope I can get a suit like that! A female looking one though." Risi pointed out. "Rider fire!" Fire helmets shoots flames in Gallade. The Gallade dodges his attack, however his head is caught from the intense heat. "Ahhhhhhh!" he yells in pain and gets his head burns, and runs like a mad man trying to get rid of the flames. "Rider slash!" Night slash hims with his sword The Gallade tried to block his attack, but was only able to do so partially, getting struck at his side and his.
He throws his disks at then. They dodged with ease and Aqua strikes him with his two swords. "Ahh!" He grunted as he turns to Aqua. "What!?" "Double sword style bitch!" "Stay out of this you little punk!" he stated preparing to strike Aqua. "Rider photon sword!" Logan slashs him The Gallade was caught off guard and was knocked away. "You can do it riders!" says Blade. "Rider crescent slash!" Shellz strikes in a flash. "Dragon claws!" Fire attacks him. "Go, dragon, go!" Mela says. "Dragon wave!" Gallade made a psychic burst in front of Fire.
Fire flies with his wings and kicks him. The Gallade counters with a straight punch. "Fire has the best armor." Fairy says. The attacks collide and Gallade is sent flying. The Gallade struggles to get up, but is at his limit, then he grabs Marie and Seana and say, "Don't move or they die!" "Let them go coward!" Fire stated. "Surrender!" The Gallade demanded. "Marie, seana!"Shellz says in despair. "Let my daughters go your monster!"Ivy says. The group was pondering what to do before the Gallade was struck from behind, letting Marie and Seana go. As he falls, it's revealed that Fairy was behind him. "Nice one Fairy, that's my wife." "It was easy considering he was focused on you guys." Fairy explained. "Rider kick!"they jump and kicks the gallade.
He fall on the ground and is attacked by frenzy plant "I give, I give." the Gallade announced. "You win..." "It's far from over, dragon ascent!"fire attacks one last time. The attack knocked him back and on the ground, unconscious. "Now this is a wedding!"Fire says. "Kicking a stalker's butt is a wedding for you?" Jackal the Ampharos asked. "We riders kicked his butt!"said fire. The riders cheered while Jackal sighed and was about to speak until Alice, his monferno sister, pat his back. "Might as well stop, it's a battle you can't win." "Now can you guys explain how do you became riders?" Fairy asks standing side by side with the other females.
"So how did that happened to you in the first place." Fairy asked them. "I was just a doctor when was summoned by the cr to become ex aid and save everyone from the bugster virus." Fire said. "This belt was gave to me by a wiseman to fight evil ghosts." Night explains. "I found my driver in the woods." says Shellz. "I suffered an accident when I was a eevee and saved by a monster, turning into a half monster, and only monsters can use this gear." Logan explained. "Wow." Their respective mates said in unison. "That why you guys always disappear?"Luna the lopunny asked.
They nod their heads. "Remember when I missed our wedding anniversary because I was helping a friend, well I was fighting monsters." says Shellz. "Remember when I said that I was paying a visit to my friend yesterday, I was helping night defeat a bugster." Fire explained. The females nod their heads, "Well considering the circumstances and rules, I can't be angry at you." Fairy said. "Neither you have to be scared, we are gonna protect you all!" Fire says with a serious voice as he carries fairy out of the church, still wearing his armor. "So.. What happens now?" Fairy asked. "The ballroom, let's have fun with our friends and then honeymoon."
Fire says with a happy voice. She blushes a she looked at his armor. "You're not gonna wear that the whole time are you?" "We are gonna take them off, right guys?" Fire asks to his friends. They nod and they took the gear off their belts and they reverted to their original forms. Fairy looks back at the group and smile, giving her bouquet a good throw. The bouquet landed in the hands of Marie, who cheered when she caught it. "Alright guys, let's dance!" Fire says excited. Everyone headed to the location for the celebration."So, when I can meet the other riders?" asks fairy.
Fairy was sitting at a bench at a playground with her husband Fire as they watch their kids play. Two ralts were playing on the swing while two fennikens were playing tag. "This is such a wonderful moment." Fire said hugging the Gardevoir. "Very wonderful." She says smiling and giggling a bit. "Fire, I gotta tell you something." Fire turns to his wife. "What is it?"
Fairy blushes a bit. "Remember when you carried me to your home and told me to rest?" "Of course I do. What about it?" he asked her. "Well when I was sleeping, I was having a interesting dream. The two of us got married, having kids. Two Ralts... and two Fennikens." she said looking at him. "Well considering that's what happen, I say your dream came true." he said in a teasing tone as he went and kissed her gently. "Your right. It did." she said smiling a they return to watching their kids play.